In fact, the obscure theory they're trying to (falsely) use has nothing to do with personal bigotry, whatsoever.
I assume that she was talking about muscle memory?
I apologize for any assumptions but I'm going off from what I know and as far as I can tell the definition I used fit, that being extreme.
So, of course in order to debate, you need some way to reach a common understanding on words.
We use words to define other words.
Cultural Appropriation has been a phrase since the 1980's.
However as for belittling from what I know it means to treat something as if it's nothing, to dismiss it.
&nbsp;
She clearly wasn't using the correct term.
It appears to me here that your mother and you seem to be exhibiting such a bias.
Now the Phil Collins jokes have taken a harder edgethey're way less funny and they weren't even all that funny to begin with.
If you just show up in a Halloween party with a purple heart, in my opinion, that alone doesn't show disrespect to the military.
Mostly you are right, but it is a bit more advanced than that.
Instead of pinning someone to the wall for not using the words we would prefer they use, we could muster some compassion and see if there's a way to help clarify other ways to describe the topic being discussed.
You can also explain your definition and ask what she thinks if she's also using that definition.
But I simply don't think that anyone's choices should be restricted so long as they aren't directly detrimenting others.
And the brilliance of this trick is that Trump himself didn't even have to do it.
You'd be pretty hard pressed to find a study that just says "society is racist", but there are multiple that certainly suggest that conclusion.
Language is about trying to convey thoughts and ideas between people.
You might decide you agree with each other when you are actually communicating effectively.
So you do your best to pick a word, but then you make sure you define it properly so that everyone is on the same page.
That was my whole point.
If you don't let a person refine their stance beyond the dictionary definition, there is a good chance you're not allowing them to articulate their actual stance and therefore don't know their actual stance and therefore that you're not even arguing about the right thing.
If the definition is unique to academia then it's use in a casual context doesn't work.
By active disrespect, I mean disrespect that is actively done.
At best, I would say that it's vague, but comprehendible.
To never violate the core principles of this nation, at least the important ones such as free speech.
Person B: "You are using different definitions for each "nothing", and so your argument cannot stand.
I don't care what you "appropriate".
In the end, so long as you've clearly outlined what you mean, and don't conceal it behind a word with a private definition, you can and should use your own definitions in an argument.
The depth, direction, and scope of these activations depend on several topdown factors such as the task being probed (taskset, strategy) and on (temporal/spatial) attention.
Except when it comes to choice of words then?
Are you now you're saying that people do get to use them, but that you don't like it?
Am I being disrespectful?
Presumably you will produce better work if you continue in the trade as your skills continue to improve.
It can be a valid description of truth in a given social/historical context.
It occurs to me, then, that you're doing exactly what you're railing against.
Or Thagomizor
If you want rigurious discussion, you need to switch over to academia where internal consistency and external compatibility of an argument ideally is properly vetted before it the argument itself is discussed.
Everything is a continuum.
Ask for their definition and go with that.
This seems weird to me.
I'm torn on the last bit.
I could just as easily argue that your hatred for misinformation amounts to painting liars as evil.
Are you really upset at all these words Shakespeare invented: http://www.shakespeareonline.com/biography/wordsinvented.html
It's not ignorance anymore.
because I had to consciously think about everything in order to do it right.
"Alt Right" and "SJW" are other examples a bit more serious.
To say that language just changes is, of course, strongly reductive.
Almost always, those definitions are referred back to explicitly.
This doesn't indicate a lack of racism even in the slightest.
he may do things that are racist,
You can only look at his actions, and many people believe actions pointing to him being a racist outweigh actions pointing to him not being one
Regardless, none of this challenges my OP.
I don't think you can 100% prove that someone isn't racist.
Trump could still be racist against another ethnicity.
And to what degree of confidence do you expect to be convinced?
The award doesn't seem to have anything to do with not being a racist, and even if it did, there is a very large possibility that whoever decides who gets the award made an error in judgment.
And these show that if that is what his intent is then he has done a terrible job achieving that.
I'm not just saying these arguments fail to prove he isn't a racist, I'm saying they aren't really even a little bit convincing at all.
You seem to believe there is no evidence of Trump hating any specific racial group.
Does Trump have to prove that he isn't a racist or do other people have to prove he IS?
That's my entire point,but that doesn't change that those things seem to be contrary to suppressing minorities.
60% of the phenomena described as "racism" on the internet happen every day in society around me.
I didn't say they proved he is not,
I can't see trump marrying a Latina or Black woman.
Especially when all the examples that have been put forth could be based on other factors, and simply involve people of another race.
That's not true at all, I'm providing tons of feedback.
You can make a pretty compelling case either way.
Yeah, we all generally understand what it means, but for something like this it's important to be specific.
If you look at all the evidence categorically, then your logic against each one can be applied to everything.
Unless you think him buying his current white trophy wife makes him anti white.
And even if I did, it's obviously in Trump's interest to make unemployment levels go down so he gets reelected.
Regardless a lack of evidence of him being a racist is irrelevant to my CMV.
Guilty until proven innocent.
These are argument that Trump supporters use.
You can only prove that someone isn't racist with one of two things:actionswords
So it's hard for me to imagine a "racist" dating a person of another ethnicity.
It will always be "maybe."
It's mainly accusations.
This is a classic example of the impossibility of proving a negative.
The main argument for why trump isn't racist is often simply that he hasn't admitted to having a racist intent on any of the things he's been accused of.
But that's still much stronger evidence than "Black unemployment is low".
The article does not clarify that his tweet wasn't too far off, in fact the exact opposite.
The POTUS has many more options to choose from when picking his cabinet, etc.
](https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1151187507700068352.html)
That's why I'm asking you to think categorically.
Here is a wikipedia article documenting Trump's racist actions and comments throughout the years, in case you think he's not actually a racist:
That is pretty blatant, but at the same time, a lot is based on race and we know it.
Maybe he's not that nonracist.
I highly, highly disagree.
If there's a reason I'm not thinking of why these arguments should be convincing, anyone is free to present them.
That's what other people are saying, not me.
Kushner might be more convincing if I could ignore his multiple instances of antisemitic comments.
doesn't that tell you that PERHAPs your read on his "antisemitism" might be misplaced?
Also, I'm guessing the tweet is in response to the black lives matter movement.
You've already given it a value.
For instance:Trump has employed lots of minorities.
This argument is also unconvincing.
And, everything I have read, involves some level of assumption when they label Trump a racist.
You're getting more "food" for your time.
How about instead of outlawing cosmetics, we just teach our kids not to be assholes?
Something being fake or presenting a fantasy is not intrinsically wrong.
I wasn't intending to say everyone, I was intending to say for the individual person using it.
Still, I think the point here is that it would be preferable to live in a world where someone who'd been injured, had surgery etc, wasn't judged for that fact.
I have the same views for jewelries, tattoos, piercing, etc as well.
Is brown canvas sack comfortable and practical for all situations and jobs?
Should we not get tattoos or piercing?
What evidence is there of cosmetics making people behave worse?
We need it in our lives.
The soviets tryed to enforce this.
[removed]
Solves the problem, but isn't infracting on people's freedoms.
Cosmetic are not healthcare products, last I checked, but some cosmetics could be infused with some "health stuff" for marketing values.
They are quite obvious.
Makeup helps me feel more confident however, because it's always nice to feel more attractive, even if you already consider yourself attractive.
I have very pale skin and deal with rosacea and sometimes hives on my face due to my autoimmune disease.
Also, what about the men that do wear it and see it as a form of self expression?
I see no reason why we should not evolve out of it as a sane society that values honesty, kindness, selflessness and empathy.
Cosmetics are used in movies, art, plays, etc to make people look like something they are not, for example painting your face like a cat so you can star in that new Catz musical movie thing.
https://www.enneagraminstitute.com/type5/
I live in a place where most people dont use makeup, men or women, maybe that's why I see the harm of cosmetic more than the rest of the world.
How do you think men survive without makeup?
Third: You made no compelling argument in the first place.
Lipstick makes lips seem more full, eyeliner accentuates eyes, etc.
And yet art is still beautiful and important and it improves people's lives.
I think you are really reaching if you read that as wanting to legally enforce the ban on cosmetics
It could also be a spurious correlation of course, but the causal direction is important here.
I could apply the same argument to big budget movies, to indy films.
Regarding the psychological effect, I think I perceive it as some form of insecurity, but never thought of it as they look prestigious or promiscuous as said in the links you provided.
If so, how much more or less harmful are they than other environmental pollutants?
It's honestly Chinese level.
This opinion sounds like a lack of self awareness and of just how different other people are and how wonderful that diversity of personalities is.
Makeup is used daily to make the wearer more confident by augmenting their reality.
All make up can do, unless you're using so much it can be considered face paint (a separate issue) is accentuate features you already possess.
You may see cosmetics as a waste of resources, but they did not pop into existence out of nowhere.
Books clearly stimulate our minds more than tv or movies.
If you are concerned about the environment, imo, you should probably be pushing for veganism and electric transportation more than abolishing makeup and tattoos.
Because what is the difference between decorating your body with essentially face paint versus any of these other body decorations?
They are fake, they are vain, bad for the environment/animals, ethics, rationality and make people behave worse than without them.
People should be free to do what makes them happy as long as it doesn't infringe on others, but I think this is an ingrained part of our society that's worth discussing.
Should painting only be to apply a protective finish on otherwise vulnerable surfaces?
Some traits have associated stereotypes.
When you criticize the people using cosmetics, you're basically blaming the victims of the society that judges them this way for trying to survive it, instead of blaming the society for making their use of cosmetics necessary.
And cosmetics can help people be more effective in their communication.
Makeup doesn't bring out existing features, in most cases it makes you look like a completely different person which isn't self expression
Should we shut down all the arts?
In my book means : your doing being yourself wrong
It's making a person look more healthy
Impressionable 14 yo need.
I took a class on the Israel Palestine conflict and found it interesting how both sides sought to control education as a tool to enforce ideology and ways of thinking.
This is the nature of all socalled progress.
But that assumption rests on another: that there is no God, or at least not one who cares enough to get involved with us.
There's a counterexample to OPs viewmy sisters weren't really indoctrinated, more casually socialized into their faith.
The same goes for atheism, people will teach their children their own beliefs, let it be political or religious.
But that religiosity (as tendency as you described) is part of human nature (gene)that could be true, I agree.
Along with all of bullsht, hurtful traditions and teachings which are all just interpretations of backwards men who hide behind devotion and "love".
It would easily be counteracted by the other two thirds' influence.
Not good, certainly not perfect, but better.
Lastly,  We often find people who are very  ready to point the finger and say that some else is a victim of propaganda and indoctrination, and is not willing to look at their own life and examine in what ways they may have, or were propagandized and indoctrinated.
"What should I do today" is a great question whose answer you don't need to think about too hard on a daily basis, because the religious calendar already tells youif it's a weekday, you go to work; if it's a weekend, you wake up early and take your toddler to the museum and try to feed her and try to get her down for a nap then play with the baby then try to start a Reddit comment then wake up the toddler and take her to a concert then get dinner then play with the toddler then give her a snack then get to bed then maybe have a few minutes to yourself.
It seems to me that as long as there are people vying for political gain and power, there will continue to be deliberate misinterpretation and misuse of religion or the suggested teachings of humanities to mask what their true agenda is.
Doubtful.
If you would like to appeal, [you must first check if your comment falls into the "Top level comments that are against rule 1" list](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1), review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&subject=Rule+1+Appeal+Kersak&message=Kersak+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/eu52vh//ffn62x8/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted.
The only difference here is that when you invoke a higher power in that, people will believe it more zealously and are willing to do a lot more to protect their way of life.
I've read my book, but I've actually finished the whole thing.
It should also be mentioned that these new religions are being formed in societies that already experience the influence of different religions so people may just be more primed to accept claims regarding spiritual reality.
^[Delta System Explained](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/deltasystem) ^| ^[Deltaboards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/deltaboards)
Humans are perfectly capable of inflicting hate & pain without any encouragement.
It is because something has pushed them into leaning into religion as an emotional support.
The other idea to consider, and this is coming from my humanistic line of thinking, is that the cognitive abilities of humans are fantastic, and we can overcome what we were taught as children if it's not right for us.
That is why His way is perfect, it does not make us perfect but rather is a way in which sin would only be a choice and not part of our surroundings.
If you don't at least wonder sometimes, you must be some sort of chosen one, or maybe you are, in fact, brainwashed.
If you're interested, there is a good documentary on Netflix named [The story of god](https://m.imdb.com/title/tt5242220/).
Meanwhile all the people would have to rely on teachings of humanitiespsychology, sociology, philosophy etc...
I think you might not have actually read the verses you linked to if you think they "promote and justify" war.
Do people actually believe in horoscopes?
A huge percentage of humans instinctively know there is more to reality than the himan brain can  comprehend.
And it is becoming less true everyday.
Also I think the main thing we need in life is meaning.
If one third who had no religious upbringingunder the circumstances of religion not being taught for yearswhat would they gravitate towards?
How many people would fight for their country's political system/way of life (which in this case means a democracy and human rights (lack of discrimination based on gender, race, religious affiliation, sexual orientation etc.))?
But well, as long as there exist good and bad people, there will always be a good and bad belief system, the question is what is the norm, who is the majority.
The evil in this world is created by man, not God, it is man that must fix this.
if people stop teaching sociology the rules will stay
Please read the post and respond to what's there when you comment on this sub.
There's no other reason for celebrating birthdays other than tradition either.
If you would like to appeal, review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&subject=Rule+5+Appeal+aparabola&message=aparabola+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/eu52vh//ffoha20/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted.
[See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_5).
To say nothing of how communities, not just parents, pressure and indoctrinate kids.
The Quran activelly [promotes and justifies war](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Islam_and_violence)
Abolish all formalized religious teaching, you'll still have cosmology.
That truth was Christianity.
My point at the end issome (if not most) religions need really serious reformation, if not on an almost destruction of its building blocks.
I'm sorry, I just need some more details on what type of upbringing that third of people actually had.
For some anecdotal evidence, my two sisters and I were raised by our parents, who are nonreligious.
If you would like to appeal, [you must first check if your comment falls into the "Top level comments that are against rule 1" list](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1), review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&subject=Rule+1+Appeal+carlosmocs&message=carlosmocs+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/eu52vh//ffnggo0/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted.
Don't confuse that with something actually occurring more often.
He spread tolerance to a world of intolerance and aggression towards others.
And I know the American right wing tends to appear very Christian and also very war hungry, but the Christian aspect of that is largely a front where a few Christian social issues get backed, and every other economic/social policy is generally quite against Christianity.
And where exactly is the line?
When there is deflation should there be a mandatory reduction of wages?
So the problem with mandating a perperson yearly wage increase is that it means that more senior employees are always more expensive than fresh new employees.
They don't even have to permanently move.
Entire market segments will move with more and less revenue as well.
If a healthy GDP experiences a 23% annual increase, then all employees in all jobs should receive an annual 23% increase in income.
In this situation, it might not be uncommon to take a 3 percent pay cut, as to avoid simply being laid off entirely.
The majority of the population just can't up and move.
Maybe it's worth it in order to help people transition to the new global economy.
That's it.
So why should the people who are willing to change be forced to give money to the people who don't change?
Your proposal makes monetary policy essentially worthless, in which case we might as well go back to the gold standard.
We can't opt out of living in a society
I pay a fair rate, so why should I be forced to change it?
If you want to fix the wages in a particular industry, the best practice would be to study the industry, find out why the wages are awry in the first place, then address that issue specifically.
This is especially the case because the average American high school dropout working 40 hours a week at minimum wage is in the top 16% of humanity.
Without resorting to an argument based on race, religion, nationality, how can we justify why they deserve more than an equally or better skilled person in Africa, Asia, or South America?
That their profitability is falling five percent every year and will likely be bankrupt in five.
I do think however that another major problem however is that corporate executives are incentivized to stagnate wages, so that they can report higher profits, and in turn receive massive bonuses themselves.
When you are a startup you probably have a more personal relationship with your employees, and want to see them succeed as well.
If the employees are really that unhappy with it, they don't have to work here.
If they didn't want to pay that much they simply wou do have stopped giving him raises.
Did I change you mind?
Can you describe how the system was implemented in Denmark in the 70s?
Does your view need to change to account for this problem?
In the 70'es this system reinforced a crippling spiral of layoffs, price increases and wage adjustments.
steadily increase, but wages are allowed to stagnate unless an employee is making minimum wage and there happens to be a legal minimum wage increase.
And, of course, the problem might simply be that the industry is on the way out.
And what about "undercover boss" type CEOs that really do care?
Doesn't this already happen though, older employees get replaced by younger/cheaper ones?
After all, what happens when you 'mandate a wage' the employer cannot pay?
You have to be careful what data you look at.
Without a mandated wage increase that matches GDP growth, people are unable to afford basic necessities (food, housing, utilities, clothing, etc.
For example, conservatives put a ton of effort into saving fossil fuel jobs.
As a result, a large part of their revenue comes from a country growing at 67% instead of 12%.
My company just did this and we are happier that there were no layoffs which we feared.
The vast majority of people making 100k/year aren't struggling to buy necessities.
Annual "cost of living" wage increases are a way for the people who aren't adapting to siphon off money from the people who are stepping out of their comfort zones and changing the way they think and act.
It's not as flat and unmoving as you often see quoted.
The growth rate in India and China are around 7%.
The system was called "Dyrtidsregulering" (lit.
"Median" is the best measure of income for the ordinary person, because it cuts to the heart of what a middlemeans american actually earns.
Others keep doing the same thing their parents and grandparents did 50 years ago, and get frustrated when they don't get the same results.
But making money means being productive, and being productive means having workers that aren't asleep on their keyboards or thinking long and hard if getting out of bed today is worth the shitty paycheck.
But the majority aren't willing to move/change/adapt and they continue to make the same amount of money as they did the previous year.
Meanwhile, clean tech workers are making a ton of money.
Not the max, but not the minimum either.
You can move.
Would you consider the minimum wage increases happening across the country to be something that employers cannot afford to pay?
You are ignoring all of this.
I don't agree with this part of your view.
I think we should fix the problem at the root and that is why I suggested many approaches that address the core problem and will prevent future generations from falling into the same debt trap.
Did any cancel existing student loans and is there a monetary amount that we could compare as a % of GDP?
And its objectively right to repay your voluntarily entered loans
With a bachelor's degree it's $49,900  [https://work.chron.com/averagesalarycollegedegree1861.html](https://work.chron.com/averagesalarycollegedegree1861.html) .
The government does not exist to get people out of a tight spot of their own making.
A very small minorityWhat should the government do about it?
As a matter of fact, it would be monumentally unfair if a rocket scientist and a fast food worker had the same yearly salary.
If we are defending this debt, we are defending a broken system that forces people to struggle.
The fact that a STEM student may be able to pay off their loans, does nothing to address the need for the loan in the first place.
Is it from trying to game a system?
I'm not aware of any former slaves that demanded that their children should spend some time in servitude because it would be otherwise "unfair".
I have a STEM degree, and I have been out of college for 15 years, and I still have some debt left (not much, but some).
I agree that this is still, on its face, not fair, but leaving the burden on students  who have no ability to pay is not the answer.
Shareholders and bondholders should have been wiped out (in the case of insolvent institutions).
this isnt true.
I agree if there were periodic times when student debt was wiped it can promote poor decisions, but I don't see how eliminating debts once then changing the system such that it's not necessary again would promote poor decisions.
I don't need to get into the athlete thing.
The moral hazzard isn't betting on yourself by getting a degree, it's that discharging student debt willfully entered into reduces any incentive to for debtors (current or future) to pay back debt.
Employers are desperate for kids with a degree.
And its objectively right to repay your voluntarily entered loansAnd putting someone in debt
An educated population is good for America.
Even without the human element that you seem to ignore completely, millions of people not being able to pay loans is very bad for the economy.
Ah yes, because relieving a daily stressor from the medical expert class has absolutely zero practical net positives outside the realm of fiat currency.
However, that is simply not the case as we do not live in a vacuum.
I don't think that is necessary, but it's possible.
Why not?
Bankruptcy solves this as it has significant enough consequences to disincentivise nonpayment while still protecting those who truly can't pay.
I also don't really follow the climate change point.
But it's their responsibility to know and understand what they are signing.
Making people take responsibility for their choices.
The worst of the predicted effects were an increase in the deficit by 0.65% to 0.75% of GDP and a 0.3 to 0.5% increase in inflation.
To your other concerns:Forgiving student loan debt promotes poor decision making and is a moral hazard.
I mentioned there could be a modest improvement but the impact is unclear.
For me it's about the change that follows.
I literally addressed two of the three quoted points in the first two paragraphs, and mentioned that I'm not arguing all of the points in the third.
Most federal loans are on income based payment plans, and those loans are owed to the government, not a private business/charity that will go bankrupt if it doesn't get paid.
Meaning they have loans, and no degree.
As for most of your suggestions, yeah, we need to do those ALSO, but that doesn't negate also doing this.
And in case your point would be that you should do trade school or major in something well paying like premed or engineering:
Wat?
Ie going to BU for 80k a year for a fine arts degree that likely pays 35k.
As I mentioned, I agree careers in demand ought to be incentivized to some degree, and I think perhaps paying off higher percentages of debts for people that have worked in their area of study, and in high demand job fields ought to have a higher portion of their debt cancelled.
You pointed out the positives of increase home purchasing and more consumption of goods and services.
For this to work, it would also require steps being taken to severely reduce the cost of college moving forward.
&#x200B;Reducing the cost of university is the only way for the U.S. to become a developed nation.
I think if we're going to bring in the Trump tax cuts I'd point out that all taxpayers saw at least marginal improvements with the tax cuts.
You are elite if you do and your plan is to subsidize elites.
Refinancing is no different than giving free money so I'm not sure why you are okay with that.
Colleges used these rising tuitions to increase their nonacademic offerings
But to the broader point if you both weigh in on the wedding dress and one person just has the dominant vote or whatever, then it's a joint decision in the way you two make joint decisions.
That's also why I'm just saying they have $20k total and it doesn't matter who put in what.
"And I say, if the woman in that post would rather have a wedding dress she can be proud to be seen in than an extra thousand dollars to spend on the honeymoon, let her.
I don't agree with some of the rest about a suit, but for argument's sake I'll agree.
As for the dress versus honeymoon scenario ... the difference is that, as per the AITA post, they already have a different pool of money set aside for honeymooning.
Like buying a high end gaming pc, maybe she doesn't care about that kind of spending either.
So it's not that the bride wanted to spend 5% of the wedding fund on her dress, it's that the bride wanted to spend 1k of her own money on her dress.
With an extra dose of wellnigh abusive controlling behavior.
We don't have to take the exact specifics of this case but just theses nuts and bolts:
But you're point about feeling uncomfortable on the day is interesting.
A couple thousand dollars for a dress is not comparable to a couple hundred thousand dollars for a house.
What if her family is paying for the wedding and you're just given a certain total budget?
Do you happen to have a link to that post?
To wit, the groom is not supposed to know anything about the dress until the actual wedding.
Then the funds aren't separate.
the groomtobe should have some say as is the case with any large purchase.
I recently bought a Roomba i7+ for our new home.
I realize there's an extent to what constitutes large purchase, so I'm hoping I won't have put specifics on this term and we can just agree if you're buying a candy bar at a grocery store it doesn't need to be a joint decision but if you're buying a car it should be.
That's why I'm not arguing he's not an asshole.
Whether or not you should be able to tell your partner what you wear has little to do with joint decisions, because a joint decision isn't one partner telling the other what to do but rather both partners agreeing on something together.
That's not what people had a problem with though, there's even comments agreeing with him but saying "He just went about it in all the wrong ways"
then 1. wouldn't be true and the individuals can spend their money however they want.
Edit: you didn't have the subbudgeting idea but you helped convince me of the importance of the bride getting total autonomy.
I barely have to think about it.
In a situation like that where most of the money is coming from one party it makes sense to give that person greater control over the money, potentially including the unilateral ability to spend large chunks of it.
And the groom was telling her that she should just buy a $50$100 dress specifically because he wanted that money (her money) to go into the honeymoon fund.
The bride wants a dress that take a "reasonable" percent of the allotted money.
There's a "reasonable" amount of money for the wedding.
I'm picking some of the details because initially it seemed somewhat reasonable and then more of the story developed and shit hit the fan.
"I have 60% of the votes" and "I have all the votes" are simply not the same thing, especially in a longrunning relationship.
If your view is that decisions in regards to large expense should be made together when you've got shared finances I have no disagreement, and you'd find few other people who would.
In fact, with your equation if you only put 90% importance on the house and she puts 100% importance on not getting it, you get the house.
And a $1k wedding dress is more like a car than a candy bar.
You're welcome to look through the comments for specifics, but there have been arguments that you shouldn't be allowed to tell the bride what to wear, arguments that there should be a specific clothing budget, etc.
My biggest point is that circumstances really matters and both partners should be well informed about each other's finances and expectations, far before planning the wedding.
But that's why the values of the couple matters.
Instead of a 1k wedding dress,  he was pushing her to buy a $100 dress.
ok yeah, I got you and your girlfriend's power swapped.
Fine, he can buy a new laptop with whatever money he's been saving after monthly expenses and joint purchases.
The bride's family says you have $20k budget and whatever you don't spend goes back to us.
My opinion is that it should be a joint decision, i.e.
All comments that earned deltas (from OP or other users) are listed [here](/r/DeltaLog/comments/euqwe5/deltas_awarded_in_cmv_even_if_you_have_enough/), in /r/DeltaLog.
The broader point here is not every couple cares about beautiful weddings and the groom isn't inherently and asshole for arguing with the bride that spending $1k on a wedding dress isn't the best way they could use their money but rather a social construct being pushed on us by the wedding industry.
Another example would be if the couple has decided not to merge their finances.
I just saw posts about how he's lucky she's only spending that much, how it's only her choice, and how if they have the money it can be spent however she wants.
You have to have a large enough inventory, and you have to spend several hours with each future bride for  one potential sale.
Yes, there's a premium associated with it, but it's still a labor intensive proposition.
Likewise, suggesting a clothing budget isn't disagreement, that's just making the decision on a different level (macro vs micro again) but still made together.
Some trips aren't sliding scale trips and maybe $1k would make the difference between being able to go hike Kilimanjaro and not being able to.
That would give the groom joint say but allow the bride to choose whatever dress she wants within budget.
Theres right wing bias in this article
It helps the actual racist males divide against him, and hopefully get more of the minorities to side with him.
Sure there'd be some disputes, but they probably wouldn't be as vehement as the one over impeachment, since he matters considerably less once he's dead.
For those of that are younger that grew up being fed the American exceptionalism propaganda this has been a hammer to the head as far as wake up calls go :/
Debates are already heated and people are already taking sides with vigor.
What on earth are people going to quote from trump that doesn't make him look heinous?
In any event, "most divided it's ever been" is steep when one of those times literally ended with 620,000 dead Americans in the civil war.
Also Pence in office would piss off a lot on the left.
Pretty smart.
Ah, sorry.
Should I use more obfuscated  language?
Not just because of crudeness, but because of criticality of things like the swamp and calling out mainstream media outlets.
That's HIS fault, not ours.
Please enlighten me on how you can rationalize evidenced unethical behavior by Biden as compared to unevidenced political assault against Trump?
The behavior of the democrats for the past 3 years has resulted in a decreased credibility.
For all that the President can come off as brash and tactless, there is a method to, and a reason for the madness, and so he handles publicity as a pioneer rather than someone struggling to adapt to the times.
The fact that the left would openly celebrate Trump's passing would, as the OP argues, divide us further.
Reagan and Kennedy oozed dignity and gravitas.
"He admitted he had no evidence for it."
Please don't feel so stupid or insecure,it's not your fault"
I think his sudden death from natural causes would give many of those who felt they had no choice but to support him the opportunity to loosen their grip somewhat and acknowledge ways he has gone off the deep end.
That's exactly it
Pretty sure most Republican politicians would be privately celebrating his passing as well.
Although I don't like Pence, he wouldn't be the psycho currently in charge, which would help heal.
Civil unrest is literally just a walk in the park compared to that.
Trump is using the power of presidency and foreign policy to leverage aid in elections from foreign powers.
Mainstream media in general would have people speak highly of him, and talk about how "it is no longer Donald Trump's party", if doing so could hurt Republicans politically.
I know we are talking hypothetical, but you said there would be a power vacuum, which isn't true.
90% of politicians are hyper rich and exist in a whole other world compared to the rest of people.
shooting customers giving Americans money is bad?)
With regards to impeachment proceedings, even the democratic star witness, Sondland, admitted, "he assumed Trump had a quid pro quo going on in his public testimony."
Yeah, definitely the first thing I thought about as well.
Also, [this lawyer](https://youtu.be/ca12k2qbUQM) breaks down the Trump impeachment defense, as of 2 months ago.
Bigger than JFK.
Do you think that trying to impeach a president since election without a shred of evidence undermines our democracy?
Hm... You know that really is a hard view to change because it's inherently hypothetical.
In his closing speech where he specifically told the senate to consider the facts?
I was wondering who that one person was.
We know how to interact with a lot of measures of safety.
There wouldn't be a republican nominee, if trump dies then pence becomes president.
It'd be the biggest conspiracy theory in US history.
You cannot correlate that with Trumps impeachment because all the physical evidence is out and shows absolutely nothing(Ukraine transcript).
Adam Schiff's [closing remarks](https://youtu.be/ecpF26eMV3U) summarize it pretty well.
How about the conspiracies?
This track record has severely impinged democrat credibility, so why give them a chance to make up another story.
Reagan I think is a good example of a presidency that elites don't want to be popular, but history still remembers him fondly for the most part.
Same goes for Kennedy, if we're talking about people despised by elites, and not just Republicans.
It perhaps wasn't the most appropriate concept to use but I didn't really think about my post all that much.
First it was slavery and the similar, and now it's right and left wing politics.
So there's no reason why the moderates couldn't make use of the opportunity to gain control of the political scene and offer an olive branch to their opposition.
There is exactly zero chance the robot smashing around the city failed to kill anyone.
Buddy throwing anyone a bone at the stage he did was surprising.
Incredible hijacks the RV the family uses to escape the island, you hear the minions celebrating people getting blown up and crushed.
That clearly wasn't an unpopular opinion, as supers were banned and suppressed.
That's pretty altruistic and surprising to me.
...
All comments that earned deltas (from OP or other users) are listed [here](/r/DeltaLog/comments/euv2a3/deltas_awarded_in_cmv_in_the_incredibles/), in /r/DeltaLog.
Screenslaver's monologue says a lot: she criticises humanity for being lazy and detached from reality, passive and unambitious.
Buddy just wants to be a hero, it's just narcissism and pride motivating him to release a robot that goes on a rampage.
Before the robot went rogue, no one actually died.
Buddy was very Narcissistic, but even at the peak of his success he admits 'once I'm old and had my fun, I'll sell my inventions, and everyone can be super'.
Screenslaver isnt Evelyn, it's her "puppet".
But with a small tweak to syndrome, if he applied his intellect toward creating tech to better the world, he could advance technology by centuries, but he chose to focus on weapons to superpower individuals.
You don't see it onscreen, but it is aluded to.
Not to mention he then tries to steal a child.
He is basically giving every person rocket launchers.
[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WsiaRo6tkdE](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WsiaRo6tkdE)
Both are clearly overreacting to childhood trauma but the way they are handling it, if they were successful, screenslaver's end result would be better than Syndrome's.
He doesn't need to be famous for killing the giant robot, just give people the tech.
he did want to harm people, and probably kill, but not on a large scale.
Buddy didn't know who "Helen" is and in all likelihood it's someone coming to help Bob and attack Buddy's base, as it's a government plane.
You're wrong.
Evelyn = evil as fuck, Screenslaver = just a captured and hypnotized pizza boy, Buddy = evil as fuck.
And she says "And let Winston know I'm the screenslaver?
Bob's reaction clearly showed he believed it (because he recognized Helen's voice), and Syndrome shot down the plane just to piss off Bob.
He is surprised to find out that it was Elastigirl with Super kids.
But if he really gave his tech to everyone, surely some would use it for evil.
Can I get a clip of you don't mind?
And partially, I believe wat helps strengthen nations and preserve peace.
He isn't killing supers to get rid of them.
Why in the hell would someone bring normal kids on that plane?
DeltaBot is able to rescan edited comments.
!delta
True, Syndrome is more narcissistic, killed scores of supers and laughed off killing children, but at least he likes humanity.
His ultimate goal is just go give humanity superpowers through his weapons, but if that is the case, why is the giant robot even needed?
0I'm willing to let him off the hook for arms dealing, partially because he sold to those willing to buy, not whoever was the most cruel/anti super.
Also, the robot only went rogue from the control module because the module was interfering with its programmed mission: kill people and cause mayhem.
Confirmed: 1 delta awarded to /u/IlluminatusUIUC ([55∆](/r/changemyview/wiki/user/IlluminatusUIUC)).
^[Delta System Explained](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/deltasystem) ^| ^[Deltaboards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/deltaboards)
/u/CaesarISaGod (OP) has awarded 2 delta(s) in this post.
I'm willing to let him off the hook for arms dealing, partially because he sold to those willing to buy, not whoever was the most cruel/anti super.
Buddy killed far more people with his robot and by selling his weapons to people.
Originally I agreed but now I'm starting to think buddy was worse.
Evelyn hates Supers too, but she clearly has no problem killing ordinary people as well, and ultimately I think she really doesn't want to help humanity either, thinking they're too lazy and passive.
He never kills any normal humans
Screenslaver's first monologue is pretty condemning of humanity.
You agree she's more evil than Syndrome?
She wants to help.
Please edit your comment with the required explanation.
It just requires multiple deaths of supers to do so.
There places where this has been implemented have had zero problems.
Bone density, Lung capacity and Bone Structure don't change after transition.
I agree.
WTF kind of Dale Gribble conspiracy theory shit is this?
I don't believe gender and sex are independent.
In the Olympics yes, not so with the weightlifter.
I agree with the distinction, but I contest that they are not strongly correlated.
Also, you didn't respond to anything else I said; could you?
https://www.forbes.com/sites/julianvigo/2018/12/27/pseudoscientifichokumandtheexperimentationonchildrensbodies/
Could you explain what effective research towards this conclusion WOULD look like?
Yeah, they are, but trans people should be allowed to go to a different prison once they've transitioned.
No its not.
My OP contains this paragraph
Yeah I felt like people were overly exaggerating the Trans female athletics thing I'm not sure what the studies say but it seems like after HRT the advantage is negligible.
This seems awfully pedantic.
You'd have to have some other problem with it.
But we do know that trans womens biology changes quite drastically after a few years on HRT, often less.
[https://medium.com/@Sirixu/psabecarefulofmermaidsuktranscharity74495fd77ee2](https://medium.com/@Sirixu/psabecarefulofmermaidsuktranscharity74495fd77ee2)
"Sex and gender are not necessarily related" does not logically lead to "there is no biological difference between males and females" (no one anywhere believes this), which in turn does not logically lead to not having specific spaces for men and women.
([https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25231780](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25231780))
Be honest: have you ever heard of this topic outside the context of someone arguing against transgender people?
That is not the case.
\If it is taught in school (which it  is in the UK) it often coincides with the public institution pushing  questionable organizations like mermaids, who advocate hormone therapy  for minors as well as other experimental procedures.
Gender."
Can you be more specific on what they disagree on?
No I said castrating children who cannot consent is wrong.
Mermaids does.
We also need to quantify exactly how important bone density is, as well as the other general structural and biological differences trans women usually have
Though it's mainly up to the parentsWe should do it for a decision as important as this too.
Because I'm not sure what the distinction IS.
Yes, and some physicians object to that terminology.
https://bjjworld.com/transgendermmafighterfallonfoxbreaksskullofherfemaleopponent/
The title doesn't necessarily relate to each and every point I made in the OP.
Sex isn't assigned, it is noted.
So then you must advocate against all religions that could possibly lead to it, right?
These  typically lead to irreversible castration as well as unintended  complications like increased cancer risk and necrosis.
I'm not the biggest fan of organized religion, especially not the parts of the ideologies that make you mutilate your children's genitals.
3.
Do they promote anything that isn't supported by the (mainstream) medical/psychiatric community?
When I ask, they explain what I recognize as gender roles, not gender itself.
Can you provide a source on the disproportionate number of trans women record holders?
In every competition there will be someone who has an unfair advantage.
That's just what in found in a few quick minutes.
At all.
So the sex flip to ovaries is kind of strange although you could support it by using certain definitions of castration.
What are you on about?
No.
1.
I just said that it's wrong, because it's unfair the way it is.
Being trans is extremely rare.
It seems like Batman kills the joker is a potential view but it's unclear from Moore's original script that it was intentional:
And The teasing really gets to Batman and it gets to Gotham and it gets to the audience and it gets to me.
The reason the Joker is still alive after all these murders and escapes is because of his Nihilistic worldview.
Kingdom Come, Injustice, and the Arkham video game trilogy all explore this
Why would he do anything, including laugh at justice and reason, if nothing is better than anything else?
The people who made 2019's Joker thought they were making that movie, but they were not.
](https://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/WatsonianVersusDoylist)
Even in the most pacifist of societies, likely one link in the chain would snap and one man would shoot him eventually.
Oh crap, you're right!
That's .
All comments that earned deltas (from OP or other users) are listed [here](/r/DeltaLog/comments/eutykw/deltas_awarded_in_cmv_the_joker_hasnt_been_killed/), in /r/DeltaLog.
If he was killed, he would become a martyr for more jokers.
I disagree with you, mostly because one of the most selling dc comics was the 'Death of Superman.'
That's incoherent if nothing is better than anything.
Isn't a point of 'the Killing Joke' the ambiguous ending in which Batman may have killed Joker?
It would create more jokers who would see him as a martyr?
Doesn't this make your view unchangable?
Much in the same way the Joker dresses up as a clown that makes people happy when he usually just makes them sad or mad.
They like to think they're a model society.
I really believe that If they did a story arc for Joker that culminated with 'Death of Joker' in the same vein of 'Death of Superman.'
I have no idea what the relative consensus is.
Please note that a change of view doesn't necessarily mean a reversal, or that the conversation has ended.
The production and success of the completely noncomical Joker movie last year proves that these philosophical questions are important to fans and DC.
No one, because it doesn't make sense.
Of course, it can be done really well.
not an impossible turn of events, but it's hardly something that is obvious or even clear, and having a bunch of characters pretend like it is just comes off as unrealistic.
I thought the relative consensus was that he definitely Didn't kill the Joker.
He ABSOLUTELY recognizes good and bad, because he COMPLETELY wanted the people on those boats to blow each other up.
If it was 1980 or even 2018 I'd agree and let it go because it's a comic book character: he won't be killed because we want so see him live.
Because your point is: Because of his morals, Batman doesn't kill the Joker, except that one time he did maybe kill the Joker, and even then it's his morals that kept him from killing the Joker before that point.
The difference is the Joker acknowledges reality and finds pleasure in others denial of it, and the cops and Batman live a lie, pretending that there's some sort of purpose in the universe, while usually being emotionally and physically tormented.
Realism and connection to reality is a must, and Joker 2019 was almost completely believable, much like the Dark Knight.
https://www.bleedingcool.com/2013/08/17/whenbrianbollandrevealedwhathappenedbetweenbatmanandthejokerandthefullkillingjokescriptalanmoore/
/u/CaesarISaGod (OP) has awarded 1 delta(s) in this post.
But yeah that's beyond obvious.
with utter chaos.
In the Killing Joke, he wants to play out his own trauma by hurting others, and he's blocked off his own trauma with jokes and (importantly) selfdeceptions.
Realistically, there is middle ground between rigid and ultimately arbitrary moral beliefs (do not kill ever!)
If the inuniverse explanation for why something happens is implausible or contrived, that just shines a spotlight on the real reason.
Instead, both The Killing Joke and The Dark Knight succeed by using BOTH the Joker AND Batman as symbols for opposing, equally untenable extremes, and the real story isn't about either of them but instead about the person caught in the middle (Gordon and TwoFace, respectively).
I flipped over to wikipedia to see (because that's not a terrible place to find a consensus view).
He's a murderous pshyopath and his death would reasonably prevent at least scores of other deaths.
It would be better for the question of "Why doesn't anyone just kill the Joker?"
When cops or the Batman hurt and kill people, they're proving the Joker right: the very people that pretend they love peace and order actively contribute to chaos and violence.
Even if it could be proven the Joker is completely unreformable, the fact that his life has been saved so many times proves that his philosophy is more wrong than killing him would.
That's why the Joker is so determined to get the Batman to kill him, it would prove (in the Joker's mind) once and for all that Batman is just as cruel and evil as the Joker.
The only way to do that is to treat him with respect and let him live.
In a dictatorship, the Joker would have been shot in a ditch after his first murder and people would call it a 'necessary sacrifice'.
This isn't a gamechanging idea on its own, but not only the joker believes this.
Basically every other character anywhere thinks he's the good guy and people who oppose him are bad.The joker doesn't even recognize good and bad, he just laughs and teases everyone who does.
I'm a man and pretty fit, but female college or professional athletes would likely run circles around me in a variety of physical tasks.
If a woman is capable of a job then hire them for the job.
For example, about 12 litres of tea/lemonade.
Other people basically made the point I was going to make, and it seems that you don't need to hear it again.
While obviously there is a difference between male and female upper body strength, the reality is that most jobs that have been female majority for historical reasons, have found ways to divide tasks and to design required tools in a way that fit the average women too, while many jobs that were traditionally male, didn't.
I fixed it for you.
That's what tools are for.
Just to chime in, for a lot of jobs (like food service) lifting heavy things is helpful, but not important enough to be a deal breaker when hiring.
I've also seen a lot of women kick that tests ass (including myself).
Not all hard labor or physical labor requires being bigger or stronger.
Why doesn't she deserve to get the job purely based on whether or not she has a penis?
So your initial premise is false in its absolutism.
He would always face social pressure to be physical strong.
There is overlap in strength.
Alternatively:
You hire the best person regardless, because statistics do not make assertions about individual cases.
In fact, some of the things they asked me to lift were tools in some cases.
Housekeepers are doing physical labor, and they are mostly women.
Your statement makes it seem that you mean ALL men are stronger than ALL other women.
But why does it matter?
If women were socialized in a way similar to men, then they would, as a group, likely have little trouble lifting a 40lb box.
If they aren't, then don't.
But any healthy women can become as strong as the average man, so any women could perform just as well as men in general.
"She snatched 126 kilograms and clean & jerked 158 kilograms" that is again, stronger than most men and way above the average man
Professional athletes should be compared to other professional athletes.
It seems likely that at the job you're describing, lifting those objects was only a part of the job and your female coworkers were probably just as capable at other parts of the job.
Why?
If you are saying anything more—like that because of these facts we should discriminate between men and women in hiring rather than simply looking at them as individuals—then we will disagree.
Hope that makes you feal like less of a victim.
And black men TEND to be better at basketball than white men.
Our present culture values strength in men.
Δfor your original post.
I agree they're capable in other areas, but that's not what I'm trying to change my view on.
If lifting things (or whatever) is actually an important part of the job, you just say that the individual "must be able to lift X lbs in Y situation."
It's very physically demanding, but bulk and strength won't help.
If the job is slinging sandbags into the back of a truck, then AM might be better suited.
In order to be hired to work in this industry both men and women have to pass a physical test.
But you have no issue with a guy that never exercises or practices lifting heavier stuff who maybe can't even lift the stuff needed for the job, but he's fine because he has a penis?
Since I only ever had to refil the lemonade during my shift like three times ever, it wouldn't have made much sense to fire me for it!
AW is certainly better in other scenarios.
I agree, everyone has a role to play in everything.
Confirmed: 1 delta awarded to /u/twig_and_berries_ ([4∆](/r/changemyview/wiki/user/twig_and_berries_)).
Gender shouldn't matter but it does.
Men would not outperform women at, for example, stuffing envelopes.
Similarly, we can imagine a world in which all people, men and women alike, are rewarded or punished for qualities only one can have.
Men won't have an advantage at many forms of physical labor.
Other comments have been made to point out my flaw and that women can perform as well as men in other areas of labor (moreover menial labor) than men on average, which I agree with.
Average man is stronger than average woman.
I understand that minimum wage employees give minimum wage work (at least, I did), but it was literally part of the job.
Additionally, that same effect would be at play for a man's whole life.
In this case itsWhat if Germany was successful in its after France operations ?
The expansion West was to defeat France and the UK which were both opposed to it's objectives.
Best case scenario I think would a Cold War between the two as ICBMs become a thing.
Afghanistan wasn't for our freedom, but the alliance that required us to be there ensures our freedom.
I joined late in life (31) and I definitely use to think the world would all just be fine if everyone would just fuck off and stop bothering each other.
Comments that are only links, jokes or "written upvotes" will be removed.
You just have to kill enough of them so that they crawl back into their holes.
And yet, he could do it anyway, thinking that it would make him a "war president"... he's about that stupid.
Also just the threat of nuclear destruction is a negative but that's been in place since WW2 but on a much larger scale now.
I feel like I have to point out that Canada is probably one of the greatest places to live in the world ( not from there or live there but I think it's a consensus if I'm not mistaken ).
With the way things were going for them in the East and the fact they didnt even attempt an invasion of the Isles they were no near doing anything to the US.
Sure, there are bad apples in every organization, but how often do you see US/Chinese soldiers beheading prisoners on video?
We are lucky enough to not have needed a draft in order for politicians to engage in the wars they wanted to, but don't think for a minute that it would have stopped them if the draft were still a necessity in order to run the military.
"You think Cold War would remain cold without nukes ?" If both sides didn't have nukes then maybe but that's hypothetical.
The US was still uninvolved when Operation Barbarossa began.
If, if.
This post is about the lines you hear touted whenever the military comes up in the media.
Had there been no draft for Vietnam, I'm pretty sure we'd still be there.
The freedoms we enjoy come from our constitutions and laws.
The people running the show don't really have to worry about drafts, and never have.
It's similar to how lots of people are making fun of the Space Force.
This is coming from a fellow Canadian.
How'd that turn out for him?
So no, if Trump tried to enact some draconian martial law, the chances of the military complying is lower than you seem to believe.
Ya and Neville Chamberlain thought that the Sudetenland was that limit.
The German nuclear program had 30 people working on it before getting scrapped in 1942, the Manhattan Project had over 100,000 personnel, not to mention that Germany had little heavy water (the rest being destroyed by the British) or fissile uranium.
Or all soldiers are the same and one nutty politician away from savagery?
They don't count.
They wouldnt conquer but they would set up puppet governments.
/u/StanePantsen (OP) has awarded 1 delta(s) in this post.
North Koreans live in abject poverty with zero personal freedoms and are functionally unaware of the rest of the planet.
2.
Like how we say "Fuck.. [that]" e.g.
Is there high poverty and crime in many nations today ?
Nations today like never before try to cooperate and keep peace.
Im asking since these events and their success and casualties could effect the overall morale of the US' population and their War enthusiasm.
You're made king of all NATO counties tomorrow.
I understand that the USA tends to take a more liberal view on what constitutes future threats, but I feel as though Canada picks and chooses our fights decently well.
Please note that a change of view doesn't necessarily mean a reversal, or that the conversation has ended.
So what would happen is either the invasion or the US with Canada and possibly other Allies supporting nations like Brasil would have to change their antigerman rhetoric to be pro or at least antiallies one.
They knew his ideology even back then so no they just didn't care because it helped them at the time.
Last thing they would need is the some overseas power supplying the various resistance movements or planning a invasion.
People who join the military do so knowing they have no control of what wars they might fight in, blindly trusting their seniors that they are fighting the right enemy.
Of course it wasnt.
But I emphasize potential.
That being said a military still isn't fighting for the freedom of the population.
Saudi and Iraq are responsible for their own oil fields.
You may not agree with that path, but it's none of our god damn business.
Al Queada has fractured and turned into a group in Syria called Al Nusra and we were backing them against the Syrian government.
What exactly is meant by expeditionary forces ?
My physical and mental health both have required ongoing maintenance that costs my family financially and emotionally.
The family does not have to be a monolithic, predefined, proscribed construct.
[See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_5).
2.
It's a baby if the woman consents to carry it, it's not if she doesn't.
I mean that's fine.
It's often very good for physical and mental health.
Well as soon as the baby gets detached from its mother, it's a human with rights.
Do you think women go through 9 months of pregnancy and then randomly decide that they want an abortion?
So they say.
You can gouge out both your eyes and replace them with your favorite pogs.
You are acting like you are in the bedroom with these women, but you don't know anything about their contraceptive habits.
So you are wrong there fella 😄
You prepare for an accidental pregnancy by reducing the risk of getting pregnant.
It's worth weighing the pros and cons of putting yourself in the position to have the child.
So the passage of the body to somewhere else is what qualifies it to be a human
I'm not sure what you're referring to here.
Just pushing to making it illegal doesn't remove the underlying reasons women seek them in the first place.
I like how you went with drawing it out of op.
A rape fetus has equal value to a nonrape fetus.
Given that god takes a bit and makes it bigger it seems irrelevant what he starts with.
I don't see what any of that has to do with abortion honestly.
Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
Another "contraception method" they counted was pulling out...
That isn't the number that actually used it they could lie.
But Christianity is patriarchal so of course Adam would come first but this is saying men and women are created equally.
Since the other user is probably reaching the end of their rope, I'd like to chime in by pointing out that comparing abortion rate between nonusers and users of contraceptives isn't as useful of clinical scientific data as comparing nonusers, sometimesusers, and alwaysusers of contraceptives, which hopefully you can agree on.
We shouldnt be including non reliable birth control methods with reliable ones.
You can tear out your uterus and throw it in a bear den.
I think the study referenced should have separated into 3 categories.
I don't think locking women into a gender role based on sex but somewhere along the way when we were liberating women from this role we forgot about the family, the home, and most of the children in the ultimately pointless goal of our individual freedoms and to be slaves to wages, business and the holy GDP.
But in no way is it "intellectually dishonest"  It had two very distinctive and clear categoriescontracptive users and contraceptive nonusers
Bought by husbands and sold by fathers?
Using condoms sometimes means they were having unprotected sex.
Thank you, at least you understand.
What?
If a woman gives their child they cant afford up for adoption, fir which there is a 5 to 10 year waiting list,  all these issues you speak of are already covered.
The same can be said with ownership of any property.
Why not just use condoms or get an iud?
I feel reddit doesn't have much of a conservative voice so I thought I'd try.
That is what gets the ball rolling... it's not a woman's health issue at that point.
To me it's a matter of you don't want them to get abortions then make it so that they have a good alternative.
It has unique human dna, different from anyone else.
Do you have any "verifiable" evidence to the contrary?
Not trying to be judgy but I'm genuinely curious why other people don't take this approach.
These women clearly used contraceptives.
It was a published study.
There's a lot of community housing and affordable housing.
Once detached from its mother.
They also provide help arranging adoption to prevent abortions.
My first Reddit award.
Pretty much all the eye witness cases involve a flame bursting from the gut area.
it's actually unlikely that much alcohol would make it to your gut and be digested the way solids are, since it's absorbed into your bloodstream way before that.
it's one that was witnessed
Please edit your comment with the required explanation.
Wtf, I've never heard this before.
Thank you!
I wouldn't take a small article from a media known for exagerating "evidence" as long as it gave them views and replacing actual scientific fields with pseudoscience (Ancient Aliens, for example) as scientific proof that something that seems impossible is actually possible.
I see.
It makes the world/human body slightly less boring to me.
It's technically possible, but scientific evidence says otherwise.
I want evidence your gut could spontaneously combust and set your body on fire even if you were say, lying in bed naked with no clothes, no static electricity, no ignition sources nearby, no cigarettes, etc.
I've learned about spontaneous combustion as a student of the Victorian period, and there are definitely ways that people can randomly catch fire and die that have nothing to do with smoking cigarettes or the amount of oxygen in the body, but I want to know if you actually want the mystery solved or not
Posting longer version because of the bot so you can get your delta, lol
The length of your comment suggests that you haven't properly explained how /u/blk_sabbath changed your view (comment rule 4).
[https://www.history.com/news/ufosaliensanimalhumanmutilationlovettecunningham](https://www.history.com/news/ufosaliensanimalhumanmutilationlovettecunningham)
All I said was that it was technically possible.
I feel kind of bummed out because like I said this phenomenon fascinated me (morbid I know) and I want it to be a real thing.
Not that it had actually happened.
Yes, we are in agreement.
I mean I don't want it to be non spontaneous and non internal.
^[Delta System Explained](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/deltasystem) ^| ^[Deltaboards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/deltaboards)
I can see how alcohol could potentially be a culprit as I remember reading about a case where flames came from an alcoholic man's gut but I wasn't sure if that was legit or not because normally alcohol doesn't ignite spontaneously.
[https://www.history.com/news/skinwalkerranchparanormalufosmutilation](https://www.history.com/news/skinwalkerranchparanormalufosmutilation)
your lungs (and through your lungs, your blood) do a huge amount of work to process alcohol, which is extremely flammable.
Seems to make sense as it's pretty much the only part of the body that has flammable gasses and isn't soaked in water.
Regardless, it is a fascinating and morbid concept.
They also say that there is not enough oxygen in the gut to sustain a flame, and it would go out as soon as it forms, so there would be no explosion per se.
DeltaBot is able to rescan edited comments.
I'm assuming you mean Spontaneous Combustion?
!
Here are some other "scientific articles" published at the same level the one you linked:
There is a major organ involved in gas exchange that is located in the chest area but it seems like you've got this all figured out, so.
Like a paper published in a peerreviewed journal?
Confirmed: 1 delta awarded to /u/blk_sabbath ([1∆](/r/changemyview/wiki/user/blk_sabbath)).
You're welcome!
This delta has been rejected.
Google SHC .. and look up the case of Robert Francis Bailey.
Apparently it's possible if the person is an alcoholic or has diabetes.
why the gut, specifically?
it comes from alcohol, which is secreted through the the breath most strongly, but also the skin.
[source](https://www.history.com/news/isspontaneoushumancombustionreal)
[deleted]
Δ Thanks for the link, it was helpful!
Like I said, that article says to me it's as much as technically possible as aliens building the piramids.
&#x200B;
Please note that a change of view doesn't necessarily mean a reversal, or that the conversation has ended.
That's because you breathe out alcohol when you are drunk.
But people say this is impossible and nobody has ever passed away from their gut randomly exploding into flames and that it's all just a myth and it doesn't happen anymore because it was debunked as people smoking cigarettes in bed etc.
Do you have any source with more scientific respect?
Ok.
The roof leaks.
So stock prices are high because their models predict the bank will make money in the long run to eat the cost of falling stock prices (but only for financially sound blue chip kinda stocks).
We are not stuck in a new constant without new inputs.
What I'm getting at is that the computer systems might be able to buy stocks at a rate which offsets (old) normal market conditions.
While it's true that low interest rates tend to encourage businesses to borrow money to expand, it's not the low interest rates that have driven sales and therefore perceived company value.
If you wrote a great computer program congratulations!
So as long as productivity (and related profitability) are increasing money will go to (be invested in) companies/markets until 'money' runs out, available money to invest with that is.
Is GDP per capita growth going to slow down?
My theory is that the market increases are at least partially due to a more favorable taxation climate than has historically been the case.
Yes, the first part was just an illustration of the power and huge impact of computerized trading.
While I agree from a historical point of view, this might be the 'new normal.'
Liquidity verses volume (which is the number of trades that day).
Wouldn't that have to do with the number of investors and the amount of total investment standing by to participate more than the speed of participation?
You've lost a few pennies a share, but a normal investor has lost twice that much.
Might effect stock prices just a little bit.
a company with good financials might not lose value in a way which is consistent with our view of how the market should operate.
the stock market isn't just growth of GDP, it reflects the accumulation of gross domestic product.
GDP (defined by wikipedia as "a monetary measure of the market value of all the final goods and services produced in a specific time period") is also going up at approximately the same rate now as it has been since the 80's.
With Self driving cars and AI on the horizon, I don't think so.
GDP per capita about doubled from 1980 till now.
Real desk trades (like on the actual trading floor of the NYSE), even 20 years ago, were common.
Any 3 year old can use an iPad, but it's extremely difficult to make a computer so easy to use that a 3 year old can do it.
Every year i build 1 house.
At some point global economic activity might level off, but there is no sign in the data that that's on the verge of happening.
You're spending money, showing up in GDP just to run in place.
Those algos are so fast if you bought stocks on Robinhood (a popular free stock trading app) for more than a single transaction of about ~$100,000, they'll be able to 'get ahead' of your trade (because Robinhood doesn't protect your trading information the way a larger brokerage does), purchase securities at some minuscule fractional discount and sell them to you for a few hundreds of dollars more, in the time it takes for your trade to process and show up in the app.
So as long as money is going into productive pursuits rather than nonproductive (one could argue war is unproductive on the whole, though defense contractors will disagree) stock prices should trend upward.
Human productivity rates are rapidly increasing because of technological advancement.
Stock market growth exceed economic growth because part of stock market growth is the accumulation of stuff.
US: https://fred.stlouisfed.org/series/GDPC1
For any large company that loses ~5% or more in a day buy $1000 of their stock.
Billions of farmers can still go from 2 to 100.
the Greenspan Put as a permanent policy) but that the increase in money from central banks globally has increased over this era.
While the breadth of globalization is less likely to extend (fewer productive countries joining the community markets) the depth of the globalization can indeed grow significantly.
It makes money and those computerized trades are pushing the market up.
Assume it away.
Computers and the algorithmic trading (algos) have changed the game.
2) There are the Fed banks, large mutual/pension funds, sovereign wealth funds and the larger banking system which have a number of macroand microeconomic interventions to prevent outright collapse and buoy up the market.
Globalization has put tractors in farmers hands so their productivity has doubled from 1 unit to 2.
Large successful corporations are the organization patterns we see today.
Hell if we just stop blowing up a portion of the world every few days then those buildings/lives/arable land would only be replaced via gentrification or planned improvements which are much more cost effective than disaster (man made or otherwise) relief efforts.
So more productivity and enrichment may be possible, though our lack of imagination might not be able to identify how.
If highspeed trading implies a more liquid market that implies to me a potential reduction in risk and, therefore a potential increase in valuation.
You might very well (in a high volume stock) trade the same share dozens of times in a day.
company A's stock passed the price you want and you buy as many of shares as you offer.
How does the prospect of continued highspeed trading relate to continued like advances in market growth?
1) Absolutely the market is 'overvalued' right now.
Normal people and day traders start selling their stock because of news reports that their widgets killed grandmas.
They have huge amounts of algo trading, but focused on maintaining the status quo.
They will not go fuck themselves.
That whole phrase you quote isn't actually adopted by any retail store nor does any retail force employees to bend over backward.
If people are more educated, which they are now, the circumstances will be different.
The customer is always right philosophy is implemented so that the people at the top don't have to perform the menial tasks that provide their income
If you would like to appeal, review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&subject=Rule+5+Appeal+kisschicken&message=kisschicken+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://old.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/etubmf//ffjny3f/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted.
EditAnd I do wish this was still the Market of the present world but it just isn't.
if they aren't you get a manager to handle the icky bits.
And yet we are plagued by the opposite manifestation of privilege that becomes most pronounced in DMV's across the country.
True enough, but some of the very top companies also do just fine by focusing on talents.
Absolutely agree!
However, if you still think that the OPs argument holds despite the faulty premise, I'd encourage you to make a case for it.
Store manager got in trouble.
I have been on both sides so I try to be nice to people ringing me up.
With a customer service focus that could be described as "I am right and you are wrong and that is the door right there".
Unfortunately Amazon's mistreatment of workers is well known to everyone but the vast majority of consumers don't care because it benefits them.
Meaning if you want your house painted fluorescent lime green and purple, it's not the painters job to tell you how horrendous that is.
Aye, thanks for not disregarding the point of the unquoted rant.
That's what everyone says.
Most of those companies in the US offer online training and then maybe, a few days of training where they are still getting production.
The original meaning is a little trite, but important in running a good business.
Some customers just deserve to be told to go fuck themselves, but the reality is that they hold the power because they can lie without consequence.
And I'm making a very low wage for a welder, I don't expect to have to make this little again after I gain more experience.
Again, think from the perspective of a lender or investor, when will you lend/invest?
Turnover costs money.
I mean, yeah, my first welding job with absolutely no experience in any trade, no certs, no degree, just some classes at the local technical school, and it pays as much as some of my friends fresh out of college are making.
The biggest two off the top of my head:
I gotta tell you, retail employees have an exceptionally shitty position when it comes to what people feel they are due.
I prefer to buy because I want something to physically own, but I met someone recently who insisted buying a car is dumb and refuses to do anything but lease.
Well, I know what dependent cards look like and I don't take them.
How exactly do you suggest one provide for themselves in our society, without taking part in the economy?
Half the job is making the customer comfortable with whatever need be done.
People who don't agree with the philosophy have been saying this the last 5 years or so, and trying to say it's always been that way.
Ultimately the customer is always right, is a calculus like anything else.
Well, you may be partly right, but there are a couple of alternative viewpoints to consider.
In a good world your statement would be true, as we do indeed have unique talents and strengths.
Philosophies do.
Well what's stopping you?
Clearly you've never had no money.
The benefits are money; turn the other cheek for money.
If McDonald's and Walmart started raised their minimum worker wages to $15/hr, would they see higher profits to offset the new payroll?
It's an unethical medium, where you are infringing on people's freedoms.
[This video](https://www.kantola.com/CustomerServiceCountsPDPD442K.aspx) starts with the bad examples.
If the job is simple, turnover is fine.
Acquisition is always more expensive then retention.
Every person has a position that only a small number of people can specifically perform
Without regulation, Genghis Khan is the best capitalist imaginable.
It's only a select few assholes we seemingly tailor the business experience for.
Ship them both to the stores.
People will pay extra for better value, they just might not do so until they realize cheap also sucks ass.
If you are over stretched, I think you'll find there's only one party responsible for thatthe business.
But now, Bolton is saying he DOES have first hand knowledge of trump trying investigations directly to aid
What if they just transferred documents?
So the idea that you answer "no" to wanting the testimony is counter to your own proposition that it helps his case.
That is the entire point of my OP that you are ignoring, what new or compelling info has this Bolton leak provided?
To put this in context, the front page article on the Rupert Murdoch owned Wall Street Journal is currently: [Bolton's Ukraine Claim Shifts Some Senators Toward Calling Witnesses](https://www.wsj.com/livecoverage/trumpimpeachmenttrial?mod=article_inline&mod=article_inline&mod=article_inline&mod=hp_lead_pos1) Even Fox News anchors (also owned by Murdoch) are [calling out Trump now.
And you say "not that different", so you are conceding, it is different.
Trump supporters have been sitting atop their spinmaster 1000 for months now trying to push shit aside and ignoring  reality because they just want the Democrats to lose.
I'm pretty sure that the Democrats and others would like to hear Bolton's testimony of what the president has specifically told them.
The defense explicitly stated that the aid wasn't being tied to requests for investiations.
I.e.
You asked in your OP if it could hurt POTUS.
Sorry, u/Tino_ – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 1:Direct responses to a CMV post must challenge at least one aspect of OP's stated view (however minor), or ask a clarifying question.
Independent confirmation is new.
But that is NOT NEW information.
On the other hand, trumps defenders have basically been making the claims that the people who aren't testifying do not have first hand accounts of trump saying that, because he never said it
First off, CNN and democrats in congress are not waiting, and secondly, there were MANY MANY witnesses, in the House investigation.
They did.
See what I'm saying?
We can say with a pretty high degree of certainty it was the GRU.
That hurts POTUS.
Is this True, are or you repeating a democrat talking point?
Bolton, (regardless of how you read it) contradicts that.
Ie, there's no "rule" that the president can't pardon friends/family, but it'd be a clear impeachable abuse of power.
The "leak" from Bolton's book will make their strategy much more difficult, as now some GOP senators are suggesting once again that they would like to hear from him.
Same said they HEARD that he had said it, but none could verify it from a first hand account
Hence the desire to make him testify.
Report other violations; do not retaliate.
You know who doesn't think this is good for Donald Trump?
What are its main allegations?
The illegality [has already been established by the Governmental Accountability Office](https://thehill.com/homenews/administration/478557gaofindstrumpadministrationbrokelawbywithholdingaidfrom).
AntiTrump types seem incapable of understanding this.
Well, trumps team has repeatedly claimed that he never requested the aid be held up explicitly because he wanted investigations, whoever they were in to.
correct, but that is NOT NEW information.
he said on Twitter.
Yet all I can find of the substance of his claims are from a Washington post article, below.
The devil is in the details and a brief little leak like this doesn't really describe all of the potential nuance.
No.
They aren't going to convict him on this alone, but now they are planning to allow in more evidence.
If Biden is corrupt, it is good for the country to know this.
It's in the NYT article:Mr.
Ironically, how Obama handled that is a good example of how a POTUS is supposed to be as hands off as possible.
"The Democrat controlled House never even asked John Bolton to testify.
For example, what if Bolton says "I want investigations in to the Bidens and the clintons or you don't get money"
Last, it will also mess with any claims of executive privilege.
But if the politician pursues precisely two examples of "corruption," both of which happen to specifically help himself, isn't that the reasonable conclusion?
In the context of impeachment, his lawyers and many of his supporters are making that argument.
DEMOCRATS have basically been saying "well I bet someone like John Bolton WOULD have a firsthand account of this happening"
He declined to appearbecause the White House did not authorize him to do so.
A gamechanger changes the game.
I don't think what they are accusing Trump is doing of a crime.
My "get the fuck over yourself" and that whole paragraph was referring to the "thousands if not millions" that feel sad because someone they never met died.
Yes, we are specifically talking about the praise of him as a person.
People really like Kobe, thus they are heartbroken
That is not in anyway an admission of guilt.
And itself leads to a lot of injustice.
I didnt do that though because it is not my right to decide how other people are impacted by Brown.
And leaves behind a business empire.
But raping a woman?
Forcing Bryant to beat her into submission.
A no doesn't even have to be strictly a verbal no.
Sooo maybe it's not such a black and white issue.
It's hard to offset an icon with moral transgressions but OP's right.
Because they dont change the impact the person may have had on other people's lives, and they have every right to hold those feelings.
Though I've been told no both verbally and nonverbally and always clearly provided a nonverbal opportunity to withdraw or continue.
Why is this profession so inviting to rapey men?
They dont need to be equivalent to still exist though.
I get it, someone you greatly admired dying is sad, but it isn't the end of your world, it will not cause you any trauma.
so being an accomplished basketball player shouldnt overshadow his deep shittiness.
Come with evidence or expect to be doubted.
He understand how she feels...
u/Lokiokioki – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 2:Don't be rude or hostile to other users.
15 minute mistake
If you would like to appeal, review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&subject=Rule+2+Appeal+PM_UR_CAT_PICS_MATE&message=PM_UR_CAT_PICS_MATE+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/euguua//ffpwq0o/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted.
They are allowed to grieve, but I think the argument here is about the massive outpour of praise from the general public who were not bereaved.
No one can be reduced to one statement.
It's natural that those positively impacted by him would be feeling grief today.
Being generally a good person doesn't make up for being a rapistwould you feel the same way if he had most likely murdered someone?
This shouldn't be ignored, but it should be put into context, not as if it happened a year ago.
I'd challenge you to get the fuck over yourself and have some sympathy for his family.
but he was a rapist.
Helpful in what degree?
If you would like to appeal, review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&subject=Rule+2+Appeal+PM_UR_CAT_PICS_MATE&message=PM_UR_CAT_PICS_MATE+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/euguua//ffpy7sg/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted.
For these reasons the evidence is simply insufficient to make a beyond a reasonable doubt determination.
Ironically in glorifying athletes for showing us the peak of humanity's athleticism, we lose a little bit of our own humanity for all the excuses we make for them.
Correct, so we can only really judge on a case by case basis I'm assuming you believe he's 100% guilty I'm in the idk camp.
Confirmed: 1 delta awarded to /u/DA_DUDU ([1∆](/r/changemyview/wiki/user/DA_DUDU)).
I translated that for you.
There are lots of people who were amazing at what they did and we don't forgive them for their wrongs.
I do not care about her sexual activity.
If there is no proof they mean nothing.
I am 100% with you.
^[Delta System Explained](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/deltasystem) ^| ^[Deltaboards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/deltaboards)
Plenty of people are wrongfully accused.
I can definitely agree that there's likely a lot of mourners who weren't actually that affected by Kobe's death — but what about those who were?
My younger brother was Christopher Austin.
Empathy is not a lumpsum game if you have enough emotional maturity.
The man was in the court at 4:00 AM every morning practicing.
His daughter was in the helicopter with him along with a bunch of other people, and I truly feel for those in the crash as well as those who lost family members.
Furthermore, I think we should praise the good actions and accomplishments of the deceased, but also remember and condemn their wrongdoings.
4.6 out of every THOUSAND rapists are incarcerated.
RL on the other hand is an extremely active game with an extremely active community.
However, if the online service is the vast majority of the point, then you will be incorrect, the service is implied.
It's like buying something for full price, that's rickety out of the gate, by no fault of your own, and expectations set otherwise.
Why would someone who bought the product for their Mac on 22 January, not be entitled to a refund?
As I understand it, Mac and Linux users will only be able to play solo and local multiplayer.
I suppose the line has to be drawn somewhere.
So you agree that, generally speaking, it varies from case to case, but in this case, you don't think Epic must give out refunds, but also acknowledge that they seem to think they should.
Problem is, once there's precedent, the game companies might not like it.
No customer paid for continuous support ad infinitum for the product, yet they act like they're entitled to it.
Whether or not two months is sufficient notice is debatable, but Epic at least seems to believe it is.
Perhaps they've observed the vast majority of customers only use their product in the first 2 months.
Is that person entitled to a refund?
Refunds are offered for the sake of keeping customers
People tend to allow such abuses with software because they aren't tangible things, while they may have issues with the same abuses over tangible things.
Ok, so we agree that "any" is far to broad, and we need to discuss "reasonable".
Some things are implied when it comes to cellphones and your service through a general phone carrier.
It might be better for them to honor refunds now, rather than get it thrown in their face by a judge later and be stuck with that as law.
In this specific case I believe the implied agreement has been nullified by an explicit announcement made in advance of the end of services.
My answer is that the manufacturer is the best party to decide that, lest it go to the courts and risk being a crazy answer.
I disagree!
Δ
Each such ruling hurts the company in the long run, and quite possibly the entire industry.
The players may not expect that, but who among us can say they've thoroughly played every one of their Steam titles?
I'm not sure why you would stipulate "after the announcement".
In most cases, customers are not legally entitled to refunds in these cases unless it is determined that customers had been led to believe that it would be supported longer.
Companies don't want a judge to get involved and start ruling that the agreements mean less and less.
You bought it for various features, but mainly the fact that it is controlled by your iPhone through your HomeKit setup.
Now obviously this is a bit different because they've had online service for a long while now IF they purchased it long ago.
I have to say the online is the main aspect.
On top of that if a small indy company was able to support all platforms, how is it possible that a mega corporation like Epic does not have the manpower to do so?
Based on what others in this thread are saying, it seems that the product is still being sold, and has at least until recently been sold as having full functionality and support for Mac and Linux.
People can disagree over reasonable, but the solution cannot just be "anything is fine" since literally only being up for one second, and just taking everyones money is clearly wrong.
I agree that the manufacturer is the best party to decide, but I argue that the decision to offer no refunds is an acceptable one (so long as it is legal, though I've seen nothing to suggest that it isn't, in this case).
I think that's a reasonable expectation, and I'm sure Apple and Google are very aware of it, and let it influence their decision making.
I'm avoiding physical stuff because there is already a precedent set for most physical stuff.
There is nothing in the purchasing agreement that forces a company to keep servers running that the users aren't paying for.
Perhaps we could add that this person doesn't want to use the new product, but continue with the product he paid for.
If a product works on its own, as intended by its producer, then the customer isn't entitled to a refund for the discontinuation of online functionality.
No, it's still available on all platforms, including Steam.
No court would accept this conclusion as accurate, and everyone knows it.
Thanks!
Some people are shit out of luck, but they still have the product.
Say, for whatever reason, a person's PC can run Windows 7, but isn't strong enough to run Windows 10.
In any case, servers have to shut down eventually.
The product maker is the best entity to place that line, since courts will do it harshly.
Many Mac and Linux gamers (such as the crowd over at /r/linux_gaming) are seeking refunds for a product that they have paid for and enjoyed because it will soon stop receiving updates.
Perhaps they could, or could not, only an extended court battle would really settle it.
Imagine you buy a fancy electronic lawnmower for $2,000.
That's why I'm saying that there has to be sufficient time between stopping to sell the product, and stopping support.
For RL specifically, only 0.3% (or 3%, depending on who you ask) of the userbase is losing support.
