No reputable pollster would only recruit participants at a Trump rally
i.e *You've killed someone*.
First, corruption *existing* in Ukraine is either here nor there.
The first is unintended consequences.
I've actually said this in another reply already.
Granted I see many Americans complained about it on the internet but their voices are not matter in the eyes of big companies
It should be a crime, or you simply don't have an opinion on it?
They could have also chosen to drive normally.
Well I used the word inexperienced, didn't I?
BUT HOW IS UKRAINIAN CORRUPTION BEING CURBED BY INVESTIGATIONS INTO *AMERICAN CITIZENS?
As a side note, I'll give you this one.
By law in most developed countries, , an employer can't discriminate based upon a protected set of grounds: race, gender, etc.
Matter of fact, Here is [Vanity Fair reporting on the potential "scandal" only a week after Biden officially launched his campaign](https://www.vanityfair.com/news/2019/05/biden-ukrainian-gas-company)
But jokes aside...
I don't even need that much.
[See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_2).
It doesn't take a genius to put those together without it being spelled out.
With two versions things would be way easier and more enjoyable for all of us.
Most people take what I understand to be apprenticeships, which are selective, 2-3 year programs for specific fields and trades.
There is, however, a clear timeline that shows that the Zelensky call took place in the month between the first two Democratic debates.
Here is an article from the [NY Times dating back to 2015 asking questions about eh potential conflict of interest and appearance of impropriety of Hunter Biden's business relations coinciding with Joe Biden's official work as VP](https://www.nytimes.com/2015/12/09/world/europe/corruption-ukraine-joe-biden-son-hunter-biden-ties.html).
In my case, I was lucky and nobody was coming the other way.
You would probably not go to prison at all, though you would be liable for millions of dollars in damages in a civil lawsuit.
Regardless, I'll rephrase it like this.
Trump has been president for three years and hasn't how did he concerned about Ukraine or Joe Biden or his son.
We had a minimum wage hike of like 2 or 3 dollars a while back and most places increased the price by a few cents each month, or the portion size down.
It would have looked like obstruction if he had went public before Mueller concluded his investigation.
The situation is far fetched because of vehicular manslaughter.
Likewise if open ocean iron fertilization or deep sea carbon sequestration has a negative local impact, but is outweighed by its global positive impact, this action should also be taken.
But point is doing that alone doesn't solve the issue, since we can't catch up to our carbon output if we don't entirely kill all of our fossil fuel burning.
So when you are considering someone stupid, he is considering you stupid.
Especially considering this would leave the window open for premeditated murder while getting away with it easily.
The fact that the branches of government meant to be checks and balances on the Executive have been denied the ability to perform that vital role is entirely admissible evidence of abuse of power.
>Moreover, had President Trump truly sought to assist Ukraine's anti-corruption efforts, he
But it is right now.
If he did the same jokes people would blame him about 'objectifying wahmen!!!'
Confirmed: 1 delta awarded to /u/AnythingApplied ([255∆](/r/changemyview/wiki/user/AnythingApplied)).
Why wasn't Trump worried about this supposed corruption in 2016 or 2017 or 2018?
That would lower the standards for vehicle safety in very real way.
Then it's accurate.
But more reckless driving is more likely to result in a terrible outcome than mildly reckless driving.
They have an ethically moral argument for being able to do so since other countries were able to.
Once you have said it, there is no going back.
The American government certainly wouldn't outsource an investigation to country that the American president believes to be corrupt.
Are you gonna tell the parents of the dead kid that it's unfortunate but that the driver only got a ticket?
I was frustrated that it took Democrats too long to point that out as well.
They explicitly make this argument in their impeachment trial briefs, and I expect it to be a major theme in their arguments today.
DOESN'T THIS RAISE RED FLAGS FOR ANY TRUMP SUPPORTER?
I think North Korea has more control over their targeting than that ...
This has been a masterful display of litigation expertise.
Again, it's not always true, but reading resumes is a hard way to find a new hire and sorting based on degree attainment is a simple way to help in that endeavor.
I can see why people think that he's just doing this because he doesn't want Biden in the race.
Job adverts always put down higher requirements than the minimum they'd accept, to try and deter people who are just spam-applying to everything that even vaguely applies to them.
But you are actively calling for the censorship of politics you don't like in American art.
I'm in the middle of a job search to keep afloat until I re-enroll in school again for the fall to complete my bachelors and find myself questioning why it matters SO MUCH to have a 4-yr degree when you apply for a teller position at a bank, or a customer service desk agent or some other customer service-oriented role.
How do you test if a certain technique is going to be harmful on a local, regional, and global scale without actually applying it to a local, regional, and global scale?
As I mentioned, I think Attorney General Barr should have asked Ukrainian Prosecutor General Yuriy Lutsenko to investigate and that Presidents Trump and Zelensky should not have been involved.
Why does that mean the punishment should be different?
Sorry, I maybe should have phrased it differently in the title...
No, that does not change my view.
In today's modern society there is no more justification for exclusively male or female roles.
The changes you want would be changed to casting and plot.
They know exactly how often polls get it wrong and to exactly what degree they got it wrong and use that as a basis for their calculation going forward.
[In the US in 2018 it was 35% natural gas, 28% coal, 19% nuclear, and 17% renewables.
An "insult" can be part of an explanation.
The other extreme option is to only judge by consequence and not intent.
Hours were already scarce.
Please note that a change of view doesn't necessarily mean a reversal, or that the conversation has ended.
>Are you familiar with the legal concepts of *mens rea* and *actus reus* \- respectively, "the guilty mind" and "the guilty act"?
The second compelling argument is that it creates a moral hazard against greenhouse gas reduction.
Lab experiments might be able to only simulate and replicate small pieces of the environment in a small lab setting, under short time spans.
Easy!
> Why does there need to be a victim?
It was the administration before him.
The fact is global climate and how it interacts with biospheres is extremely complex so there would be bound to be unpredicted, unintended consequences, as well as predicted ones and they could be worse than the positives.
fat for no reason.
i think this is actually the least glaring.
I'm perfectly happy to say the driver is to blame for the victim's death.
It's literally one of his key roles.
Easy!
If robots were more affordable/practical in your industry, they would already be in use.
Trump sat on the story until he saw a benefit in using it to slander the person he perceived to be his biggest political rival.
WHY WAS HE ASKING THE PRESIDENT OF UKRAINE TO INVESTIGATE AMERICAN CITIZENS?
edit: Sorry for my terrible English
well the only think i am accomplishing is making them feel worse and maybe making myself feel better by comparison.
It is my opinion that if we amplify our current non-geoengineering methods, then it *WILL* be enough to curb climate change to a manageable rate.
This would also explain the delay between Trump taking office and asking for an investigation.
Clarifying question: do you think manslaughter should be a crime?
**My view is that driving like an asshole/idiot is a crime and should have criminal consequences.
Sure, it might work for awhile, but it's no permanent solution.
Nor does the president of Ukraine have authority to conduct investigations into American citizens not living in Ukraine.
Coal power plants run about 40% efficient constantly.
But there's also the fossil fuels used to make the car, fossil fuels used to extract the crude oil, fossil fuel energy used to refine the crude oil into gasoline, fossil fuel used to transport the gasoline to gas stations, fossil fuel to keep the lights on at the gas stations, fossil fuel to build the gas stations, etc.
>calling someone stupid should be okay if it's true **and conversationally appropriate**
Field observations can only be done in real time, i.e.
So in essence, what you have is a political process (impeachment) that is being pursued on a strictly partisan basis alleging no *criminal* activity within the articles voted on.
By accident, all I mean is that you didn't intend for anyone to get hurt.
We still tell boys, intentionally or otherwise, that they shouldn't cry, that their feelings don't matter.
if they like to push each other poo good for them but none of that shit for me.
I understand you feel that you have some stronger language than the House managers do, but they're saying all of these things.
* 
Hardly, but just because someone is stupid at one thing, doesn't mean they're entirely stupid.
I'm very clear on it not being justified for the reasons I've laid out.
Withholding exculpatory evidence makes no sense.
Really?
There are many other ways to gauge a candidate, and in my mind, the most effective ways are experiential in nature.
Because that speaks volumes.
So although one coal power plant creates way more CO2 than an individual car, a coal power plant gives off less CO2 than an equivalent amount of cars cumulatively generating the same amount of power.
If you can, CMV.
>Asking the new president who ran with an anti-corruption platform to investigate corruption isn't exactly crazy.
Peace.
Do you think that someone who drives drunk and kills someone should be charged more harshly?
They also have inquired heavily into why Giuliani, Sondland, and co. were responsible for this instead of formal channels.
Have you heard the term Toxic Masculinity?
I say that not in an attempt to insult you, but just as a statement of fact.
The long term solution is to replace gas and coal power plants with nuclear, wind, solar, and hydroelectricity.
The amount of pollution produced to move a car the same distance is much less for an electric car even when considering all of those things.
The corruption that supposedly took place was in 2014 or 2015.
I wasn't on my phone or anything, I just sort of ... didn't parse that a light was there.
But say a pedestrian was there, and I'd hit and killed them.
Why isn't he as concerned about the corruption in Russia?
** Your comment will be removed even if most of it is solid, another user was rude to you first, or you feel your remark was justified.
As electric cars become more and more prominent, there will be more and more companies taking an interest in innovating in that market space, and eventually their environmental impact will be less and less.
if they like to push each other poo good for them but none of that shit for me.
But that isn't the case here.
Are there people without a degree that could do the job well?
His main platform was anti-corruption, so there is a very valid argument as to why it came up on the call.
It still seems like you're talking about *what* the difference is, rather than *why* the law should treat them so differently.
Only those who actually have an aptitude for university are given access to it.
If they talk about him too much, the GOP side will just say "if you're so concerned about Hunter Biden, just bring him in as a witness".
These roles carried on forward into the post industrial era where now instead of hunting and fighting off other males, men went to work and provided for their family that way (they now had to fight off other males in a business setting).
Witness accounts are largely unreliable, and don't forget that turning can still be an accident.
This is likely   going to be come off as a bit of a harsh response response, but simply put: it is the right of an employer to decide what the requirements of a job are.
FOR TL/dr purposes, my points/questions are in all caps.
Those two statements seem pretty contradictory and an indication that your view has been changed, at least in part.
Fifth, he's been less than cooperative about the whole thing - where's are the recordings and verbatim for example?
If I could wave a wand and give every smoker a minor disease, rather than 10% of smokers a fatal one, I think that would be a good trade-off.
Now lets do the reverse, let's say running a red light without harm gets the same punishment as vehicular punishment.
Even if it wasn't ever going to, all you needed was Hunter and Joe to be afraid that it might.
Through Legal Attaché offices, or Legats, FBI personnel work with host country agencies to jointly investigate crimes affecting US citizens and interests.
That has been said over and over again.
> My actions would have been exactly the same, so why in one case should I get away with a ticket at worst, and in the other case spend years in jail?
Cos I've called you stupid so now you know why you're wrong.
> The FBI legal attaché works with the law enforcement and security agencies in their host country to coordinate investigations of interest to both countries.
When you look here, [for example](https://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/trump-approval-ratings/), you can see that most polls were within an error margin of one another.
I bring both of these up because - in Australia at least - they entirely answer your question.
Even a stupid person can load a dishwasher with a little practice.
Vehicular manslaughter can be seen as sub-category of regular manslaughter.
>Or cases (like the punching example above) where there isn't an easy to tell how bad your actions were independent of the outcome.
 [https://www.newsmax.com/politics/giulianiinvestigationsbidensukrainechina/2019/10/06/id/935848/](https://www.newsmax.com/politics/giulianiinvestigationsbidensukrainechina/2019/10/06/id/935848/)
If it was just the timing, that would be one thing, but it's the whole context.
Even with a pedestrian in the crosswalk, you could range from doing no harm to minor injury, to property damage, to major injury, to killing.
Seems suspiciously selective.
Again, they report to their direct agencies, not directly to the president.
I see the flaw in my statement you'd replied to.
> Wait a minute, isn't that what we do all the time?
There's an FBI Director who is the head of the FBI.
The rest of the argument is convoluted and not relevant.
There hasn't been a movement to free men from these professions or to get women into them, only the nice positions that are safe and pay well.
almost all the time, calling somebody stupid accomplishes nothing.
When they get done showing you to your desk, could you jump right on this investigation I've been needing to get done for years?"
My arm didn't fit.
President Trump's entire policy team agreed that President Zelensky was genuinely committed to
If you use them alone, you convey no information, and your comment has been completely pointless.
Releasing two versions would not help, because the world is super connected and I guarantee that (if the international version would be criticized if it was released in America) within a week there everyone will have found out about the content of the international version and they will criticize it \*anyway\*.
You should be more clear in what defines "driving like an asshole/idiot," what the punishment should be, and how it would be enforced.
we don't know the long term effects that will occur 10, 20, 100, or 1000 years down the road.
> Just to be clear, this allegation is baseless.
This means we give them the freedom to hire who they want, as long as they don't discriminate against certain protected classes.
But words (often) also have a connotation.
> It is known that polls can be "skewed" to make a point seem more valid.
would have focused on ensuring that Ukraine actually conducted investigations of the purported issues
Have you mastered everything in existence?
President Trump was interested only
Also I never meant that people should just go around describing people for no apparent reason.
But that's not the same as saying that it wasn't worth investigating.
It's ludicrous to believe that Trump was so concerned about the son of a politician being given a 6 figure job that he wasn't qualified for when his own WH is filled with his kids and the kids of his donors and supporters in high paying jobs they're wholly unqualified to hold.
It's literally imposibble for Conan to make that type of content sadly because certain american population would immediately call him sexist, misogynist...etc.
While conversion of vehicles to electrical, and the growing capacity of clean energy sources provides the ideal long term solution, these look to be too expensive for most of the planet to adopt in the next 20 years, so additional mitigating efforts are needed to save the planet.e Scientific consensus on anthroprogenic climate change, and that is precursor of this view which I am not interested in discussing.
The idea is that if someone is driving like an asshole, they have an incentive to stop and accept the lesser charge before they kill someone.
Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
Polling organizations are supposed to be neutral and just conduct the research.
Are you saying that I should be allowed to fire a gun randomly into a crowd, and as long as I happen not to hit anyone, everything is fine?
Yes they do that as well.
"Prosecutor is investigating Joe's son's company and Joe helps get the prosecutor fired" is something to investigate.
What does calling them stupid get me?
Couple at a restaurant.
Are you familiar with the legal concepts of *mens rea* and *actus reus* - respectively, "the guilty mind" and "the guilty act"?
Instead of making it one point, they divided it into two parts.
Truthfully, you're just rewording a lot of the same arguments that they are in fact making.
At the very least, a degree is an indicator that they're more likely to be promotable.
Because you are largely responsible for *your* actions.
That doesn't help much if the issue took place in Ukraine.
Love isn't disgusting.
They've learned from this and have made polls better going forward.
But the question is to what extent?
You will always find million people more intelligent than you some way or other
Law isn't just based on what something has been done, but also to the degree it has hurt someone, otherwise you're just going to end up with too lax or too severe punishments and that's not what law is meant to do.
I just generally meant using words like stupid which are considered offensive or wrong to say.
Only about a quarter of electricity in the US is generated by coal.
so even in your hypothetical it makes no sense to call this person stupid.
I don't know what Conan's got to do with this, maybe you meant to reply to someone else.
-------
That would be the equivalent to my asshole/idiot driver.
good joke
He's purposefully written to be a bad boss.
Because people just can't accept certain works and... oh.
There are plenty of crimes that require intent, and people get convicted of those crimes all the time.
If you want to be taken seriously, don't insult people as part of that.
speeding) if you can reasonably prove that you thought your actions were reasonable - for example, you can prove your speedometer in your car was inaccurate, and that you had no feasible way to know this at the time (ie.
4.
I think you have an antiquated view of feminism.
Trump nevertheless withheld that vital assistance.162 He recalled without explanation Ambassador
I don't know much about Ukrainian politics, but I assume that their Presidents (like our Presidents) have a lot to get done in his first few months in office.
There are too many people doing too many stupid things on the road every day, and while many of them might create danger in a vacuum, a death gives us both a fixed criteria for further action and gives drivers an identifiable result to avoid.
That prosecutor was also investigating Burisma, which had hired Joe Biden's son, Hunter Biden.
He's saying it's justified.
**My actions would have been exactly the same**, so why in one case should I get away with a ticket at worst, and in the other case spend years in jail?
**The FBI Director is appointed for a single 10-year term by the** **President of the United States** and confirmed by the Senate.
That last thing is the key.
Pleading the Fifth is the most obvious example, but you can't use anything else like that either.
My view is that *driving like an asshole/idiot* is a crime and should have criminal consequences.
Thanks for the delta!
> If the American government suspects that an American citizen is guilty of a crime, regardless of where the crime was committed in the world, the American government is the one that would investigate.
What do you want to project by using those words.
And you've provided a strong reason as to why we need to be there.
In the hypothetical case, you missed a red light *and a pedestrian in your path* and the difference resulted in a different outcome.
national security advisors and did not mention corruption at all—even though the purpose of the
most sales, customer service roles that face people), a degree shouldn't be an asset, as experience and behavior are far better measures of success than a piece of paper.
But it's still relatively efficient compared to using a truck to transport oil.
when a movie is bad then its bad but when you watch something and every 10 minutes they try to pass some political message to brainwash people it's just not what entertainment should be about.
Masculinism should be the return of the balance either.
So, Zelensky ran on a campaign of rooting out corruption in the Ukrainian government.
It's a perfectly reasonable assumption, but it doesn't hold up in the trial.
This would likely require them filming large parts of the show/film twice.
Through this lottery, many drivers will get out scot-free (or with minor punishments), while some will be punished for killing someone.
Just be normal.
In the 2016 election where one particular candidate got a huge response among voters with low levels of education it makes your polls very susceptible to error especially if you're polls don't happen to capture a perfectly representative amount of people at each education level.
His worth isn't in his innate nature, it's in what he can provide, his character.
I feel very tautological stating this, but the reason the law treats Vehicular Manslaughter and Reckless Driving differently is exactly *because* someone died.
Also, how do you define "rude"?
If you had examples, I'd be happy to go into specifics.
Just because it's one action, there's still two things happening.
What is the "corruption" Hunter Biden is accused of?
I think all those words should be accepted and/or discussed.
When the two options are 'working to provide for a family' and 'being provided for by someone else's work', the former *is* the freer option.
Withholding incriminating evidence makes all the sense in the world.
"Incentives for compliance" is a good summary of the rationale for my view.
To prevent them from doing this, however would represent a huge amount of overreach from the government, if it was to be enforced legally.
Having a high paying job he wasn't qualified for because of his last name?
>Doesn't it seem suspect that 5 year old supposed corruption only got Trump's attention when he needed something to use as a distraction?
If you say it's just "mean"...please explain what "mean" is.
You're really talking about a law enforcement matter on both the Ukrainian and US sides of the call.
Now they are faced with the visualization of being too fat.
Of course, there are many benefits to using electric cars like less maintenance, no clutch, no gears, no oil changes, more boot space, etc which I won't deny but what I don't get is how people are made to believe that by using electric cars we can save the environment which is not true.
I want to hear it from you, not google.
Seriously, just watch this: [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hwMPFDqyfrA](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hwMPFDqyfrA)
It's far more common that someone is making the accusation in a conversationally inappropriate way, -especially- when the person saying it is being called out on it, at least in my experience.
Would it be safe to say that the guy is maybe...inexperienced and should listen to and learn from the girl?
Focus on the degree of the punishment, not the words used to describe the crime.
She reveals that she's been cheating on him and they break up.
The thing is, this is the case almost all of the time.
Being an asshole doesn't invalidate that person's statement.
', we don't care about 'racism' black people face since we didn't enslaved them nor many black people actually live here or we don't have a weird fetish about putting a gay person in every show because of 'representatation' or censoring games which has sexual content while extreme violance is completely fine and dandy.
WHY ELSE BESIDES BIDEN ANNOUNCING HIS CANDIDACY WOULD TRUMP SUDDENLY MAKE A BIG STINK ABOUT SOMETHING HE KNEW ABOUT BUT DIDN'T SEEM TO BE CONCERNED UNTIL HE FELT HIS REELECTION WAS THREATENED?
Just more trickle down lies
Ultimately, even an electric vehicle running on coal-produced electricity will have a lower carbon footprint than a gas vehicle.
Road crimes all depend on the end result of what happened that led to you getting caught.
The executive branch does not, repeat does not run the FBI.
Simply transporting heavy oil around the world via an oil tanker, and around a country via truck is expensive and uses a ton of energy.
>A girl just moved in with a guy.
So if companies make two versions of their product, I think it would be the best.
> My view is that driving like an asshole/idiot is a crime and should have criminal consequences.
Elves are okay but not black people?
Second, we don't need May to July to be a critical moment for Biden's campaign.
But i don't poke around much with other people.
It was the administration before him.
But Democrats don't control the senate.
Having a high paying job he wasn't qualified for because of his last name?
And what is he supposed to do?
Excerpt: "If someone calls you mentally ill, they don't love you."
What we do is have the FBI investigate domestically and request foreign law enforcement to help us overseas.
If you ND into the floor at the range, you'll be yelled at and probably kicked out.
To understand the difference:
It's your fault that person is now dead.
First degree is premeditated, second degree can be because it's was aggravated assault that lead to a death, and manslaughter is generally an accident.
"I started it in November of 2018, solely for one single purpose, because I'm \[Trump's\] defense lawyer and it exonerates him.
Is your main concern just the vague notion of political correctness described above?
>We need to fabricate fake ones out of boredoom.
It's now a 'their word vs mine' situation which means I should be acquitted.
^[Delta System Explained](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/deltasystem) ^| ^[Deltaboards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/deltaboards)
>I think that there IS a way to prove that Trump never raised Hunter Biden, Joe Biden or Burisma as a concern prior to Biden announcing his candidacy.
"**
I'm not trying to hurt people.
Fine it is.
Anyway my point is...I wouldn't just randomly tell someone they're e.g.
If North Korea was conducting a missile test but lost control of the missile, do you think the US, South Korea, and Japan would have the same reaction if the missile harmlessly landed in the Sea of Japan as they would if the missile accidentally destroyed Tokyo?
Nothing changed.
How aggressive do you mean by aggressive?
You seem to be hung up on this premise that filmmakers, game devs, writers, or musicians are constantly being forced to appease social justice types, but Hollywood and most major metro areas in the US are pretty liberal as it is.
And why?
Trump's position on this as been as unfocused and inconsistent as ever, but there's two issues you're merging.
spoke with President Zelensky on April 21, President Trump ignored the recommendation of his
I can't give you a half-Delta for the statement you changed my views on, so I'll give you a full one!
He's still furious.
People will call any unconventional character "political propaganda" today while ignoring the political propaganda that they agree with.
If someone makes racist jokes, or plays on racist stereotypes, is it okay for me to call them a racist?
my main problem is shows that are done with woke propaganda in mind and are ruined by it.
Stupid or not, they are far from worthless.
The claim seems to be that those words are just wrong to use in any situation.
They don't need to impress anyone else.
Why not be a little courteous to the new president and let him get oriented first?
>I think people are overly sensitive.
6. you don't have to sugar coat people but you don't have to be bad too.
That is to say, in both of these offences it *doesn't matter if you intended to break the law, all that matters is that you broke it*.
The forerunners of a trend are always given side eye.
Can't be both.
Polling organizations are supposed to be neutral and just conduct the research.
Beyond that, the quid pro quo is self evident, regardless of Trump's implausible denials.
You wouldn't hire an engineer who took a two month certification course on calculus and vectors and have him working on designing a new car.
Yet the guy might get offended if he were to be called inexperienced.
All of this makes sense, but I don't think it shows why the *penalty* should be so much higher if someone happens to die.
Maybe my wording wasn't the greatest, I'm sorry.
> as opposed to working 3 weeks to make $300 I now make that much in a week
It seems like the blanket argument for "weeding out" candidates is to plaster on a degree requirement for jobs, because then, at least those without degrees can be eliminated.
Will women still be more prevalent in youth education ?
Because in one case your misjudgements resulted in no loss of life, but a warning must be given regardless.
In addition, as more people move towards electric vehicles, there will be more and more once rice for other people to follow suit, and more push for greener energy.
But that doesn't mean I have to agree with it.
Yes, this is absolutely true.
In the specific case of running a red light, I'd lean more towards "ticket."
But the FBI can't go overseas and obtain warrants and make arrests.
Hunter Biden is the only American who was involved with Burisma at the same time as his father was VPOTUS.
your own definition of homophobia doesn't make a sense at all, biologically sex is meant for reproduction so when two men have a sexual relationship it is just not a natural behavior and feeling bad when seeing this is natural.
\- already with the \*current\* fuel mix of the grid, during the lifetime of an average vehicle, EVs have 10-40% less emissions than comparable ICE, even comparing to the most fuel-efficient diesel cars, while typical gasoline cars are much worse
> I'm not convinced that some of the polling organizations know how to tick all of the boxes to what they are expected to provide, and leave out some data.
That he should not get offended but discuss the idea and reach a conclusion and/or compromise with this girl.
**
The FBI operates in over 65 countries and its mission is to lead FBI global operations to identify and eliminate threats to the US.
He only released the aid AFTER the whistleblower's complaint was made and he was told he needed to release the funds because his scheme was discovered.
In the second case, your misjudgement *did* result in loss of life and so you should pay the full penalty for the recklessness of your actions.
That's the best option.
stuff) and has social messages about american political climate and a global version which is not politically correct and without social messages?
He didn't want an investigation, the important thing was the announcement of an investigation.
Take for example winning the lottery.
I'm not talking about blame or morals, I'm talking about what the law should be.
Thanks for all of that detail.
You can never *prove* I didn't lose control of the steering wheel.
>reports to both the Attorney General and the Director of National Intelligence, not to the president.
This reminds me of [one of the few books I actually read in high school](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Lottery).
For example, depending on the person, watching television could be considered stupid or educational.
WHY WAS HE ASKING THE PRESIDENT OF UKRAINE TO INVESTIGATE AMERICAN CITIZENS?
In your follow up statement you're saying that you don't really have much of an opinion at all on people driving like an asshole/idiot in some circumstances.
The only beneficiaries of the prosecutor's removal were the Ukrainian people.
You're just not worth it.
But actual investigations were never the point.
80% of the energy from a typical gas vehicle is lost in heat- not transfered into useful motion.
Statutory violation is not necessary for impeachable conduct to have been committed.
Why are some words unacceptable?
Likewise if open ocean iron fertilization or deep sea carbon sequestration has a negative local impact, but is outweighed by its global positive impact, this action should also be taken.
For example, my father is fat and he knows it, and he's OK with it, and you can say he's fat without any issues.
2) I think I'm quite done here.
It's all very logical.
In Scenario B - where you run the red light and hit a pedestrian - 'two' crimes occur, but through a single action (negligent driving, manslaughter).
You tried to say that he must not be the head of the FBI because then he would have stopped the investigations; that's precisely the logic many of his defenders use because he actually *is* the head of the FBI.
My attitude didn't change a single bit.
One CSPAN caller asked about that.
We would not tolerate a foreign country doing that to us any more than they would tolerate us doing that to them.
And that wasn't even the point.
It was as obvious in May as it was in July that Biden had presidential aspirations.
Justice systems are built around incentives for compliance.
Ukraine isn't hostile to us, they're dependent on our aid, are desperate to shed the spectre of corruption, and so I no reason why they wouldn't cooperate.
It is the job of other person to value your statements.
Anyways, How about American companies make an 'american version' which is politically correct (censored on 'offensive?'
the batteries are not cheap and if mass-produced there will be depletion in rare earth materials like cobalt, lithium, and nickel.
Edit to add:
That being said, there is nothing wrong with the \*premise\* of women ghostbusters, its just that it was a poorly made film.
>nobody should have the right to force me to like seeing two men kissing.
TL;DR
I'm open to valid legal arguments, but not to the typical Trumpian schoolyard antics.
He, as far as i'm aware, ran with the idea that he would remove corruption; draining the swamp if you will.
It's not PC, or wrong, to ask to exist in stories.
It's now painfull to watch everything is so dense and cringey.
To this day men are still seen as the providers.
Would it be safe to say that the guy is maybe...inexperienced and should listen to and learn from the girl?
Also, here's a link to a study you may want to check out: [No correlation between increased minimum wage and employment levels](https://s27147.pcdn.co/wp-content/uploads/NELP-Data-Brief-Raise-Wages-Kill-Jobs-No-Correlation.pdf)
I put it in quotes because I see no reason not to include the actual label, in this case: stupid.
There is a cost to everything a business does, including hiring someone.
Better to stick to what there's already evidence to prove in a trial setting.
Feminism isn't perfect and never was, but it is evolving.
I think we deserve better than Biden in fact.
I now work for Fedex and make good money for very little hours , as opposed to working 3 weeks to make $300 I now make that much in a week.
Gas powered cars, like I said, require additional energy to extract fuel, refine fuel, and transport it to more places than relatively centralized coal or gas power plants.
Only after Joe Biden announced his candidacy and Trump viewed him as a political threat.
DOESN'T THIS RAISE RED FLAGS FOR ANY TRUMP SUPPORTER?
That's a literal definition of homophobia.
Intentionally running someone over with your car is murder.
Solicitation of foreign interference in the US election is also alleged.
I can easily imagines contexts in which you should call someone stupid.
Maybe if they are a politician running for office, but even then, more specific criticism is going to be better.
We don't need get lectured about social justice since we don't see those things as 'problems'.
Or what?
Games are censored or changed depending on the country that it's being released in.
>WHY ELSE BESIDES BIDEN ANNOUNCING HIS CANDIDACY WOULD TRUMP SUDDENLY  MAKE A BIG STINK ABOUT SOMETHING HE KNEW ABOUT BUT DIDN'T SEEM TO BE  CONCERNED UNTIL HE FELT HIS REELECTION WAS THREATENED?
So if you ND into someone's *face*, the penalty should be you being yelled at as well - does that sound right to you?
If polls were as skewed as you say they were, we would expect 50% of the polls to skew pro-Trump, and the other 50% to skew anti-Trump.
WHY ELSE BESIDES BIDEN ANNOUNCING HIS CANDIDACY WOULD TRUMP SUDDENLY MAKE A BIG STINK ABOUT SOMETHING HE KNEW ABOUT BUT DIDN'T SEEM TO BE CONCERNED UNTIL HE FELT HIS REELECTION WAS THREATENED?
2.
People are insecure and hate acknowledging their shortcomings.
After the campaign if Trump loses seems like sour grapes, and won't matter because the investigation won't happen before President Biden shuts it down.
Suddenly, just a few weeks ago, the House announced it would begin an impeachment inquiry and push for a final vote in just a matter of weeks.
He's been caught so many times being deliberately dishonest, he no longer gets the benefit of doubt.
3.
It's impossible to distinguish a bad luck vs criminal negligence.
The FBI DOES have a signed treaty with Ukraine, so if Americans needed to be investigated, the FBI is within their authority to do so.
But if you ND into the ground and the bullet stays there, vs ND into the ground and it happens to bounce back up and hit someone in the face?
If the item is already expensive then increasing minimum wage increases the number of people who can and will buy the product or service.
Generally, when a country is trying to overcome corruption, they have to investigate.
The issue would not be calling him fat, the issue would be being a dick and calling him fat just to seek to make him feel uncomfortable.
You simply called me stupid and didn't explain why I'm stupid.
/joke
"](https://www.cbsnews.com/live-news/trump-impeachment-inquiry-latest-kurt-volker-gordon-sondland-testimony-2019-10-17/) That, of course, representing the nonsensical conspiracy theory that Ukraine hacked the DNC and released material that undermined Clinton, but then framed Russia and Trump and stole off with the server to Ukraine.
It probably makes me a 'racist' in the eyes of you but I don't think I'm.
Girls in media are strong and powerful.
But it would somehow come up.
Much of the power is lost along the way so power cables can't be too long.
First, they question Trump's claim that he cared about corruption in Ukraine.
One should be able to decide solely based on his/her interests.
Asking today's shows to reflect our society isn't pc, nor is it a tall order.
Conversely If someone was asking Trump questions in San Francisco, where most voters are Democrat, it would show an unfavorable result for Trump
homophobia (ˌhəʊməʊˈfəʊbɪə)
Electric cars run around 90% efficient, pretty much all the time, and the motors are using no power at stop lights.
I personally find it bothersome that people can't look past word choice to see the actual meaning.
Then, this could be done in a remote part of the open ocean with buoys or drones positioned to take samples at various depths and at various distances.
I agree and always try to say "acting stupid" and make it clear that I think what the person is doing/saying at that moment is nonsensical and go on to explain why I think so.
With Zelensky taking office, they had an opportunity to do something that they probably knew needed to be done for years.
I mean I was talking about witcher and you ask me a question about Conan which I think I already replied
Rest of the world used to consume American Entertainment but in last decade it seems companies forgot that they market their product to whole world not just USA.
Because Ukraine is going to be able to do a more in depth investigation.
Electricity is electricity.
How severe blowing a light is depends on a lot of things like your speed, your reaction time to a honk, if you maintained your brakes well, if you swerve out of the way, etc.
Lmao
Folks have hit upon a lot of good arguments that should be able to convince you if the discussion goes deep enough, but there's one glaring thing I haven't noticed anyone else mention:
I guess?
\- battery prodcution is not a clean industry, but compare it to the effects oil drilling
To a 20th century woman a successful man showed her the ways she wasn't free, she didn't see the ways in which the man was a slave.
I agree this is a drawback, but if we look at the loss of polar habitats and coral reefs, it is clear that climate change is causing irreparable (in the geological short term) harm to the earth's ecosystems and biodiversity.
Just to be clear, this allegation is baseless.
Which of those purposes is better served by calling a stupid person stupid?
No, he reports to the DOJ who reports to the President.
Part of the abuse of power allegation is the stonewalling of a co-equal branch's investigation and the refusal to release documents or allow witness testimony.
Do you think we will be able to "kill all fossil fuel burning" before irreparable harm is done to the earth's ecosystems?
By calling you stupid, you now know why your opinion is flawed, and can fix that.
By the sheer fact that my first paragraph did not convince you that you are wrong, my post proves that you are wrong, because you *thought* that that first paragraph should have been enough to prove you wrong.
Trump has never been shy about making accusations of corruption.
Why not spare them?
The Zelensky administration, by contrast, is dedicated enough to rooting out corruption that we can trust them, but corrupt enough that we needed to suspend aid to them because of corruption concerns?
Meanwhile with electricity, you generate it, then transport it via power cables to people's houses.
How does that make it better?
You'll find that they're careful about sampling and processing the data, about the ways they ask the questions, how choices are given when relevant, etc.
When you are expressing your opinions you usually have to think how you are presenting it.
As was said here, polling is an (inexact) science.
President Zelensky's anti-corruption agenda.161 President Trump's own Department of Defense, in
Men are desperate and most women still believe we live in a society that is sexist against women.
Obviously, if you are performing heart surgery, arguing a high-profile court case or presenting in-depth financial data to a group of shareholders, you need BOTH a cooperative mindset and the educational background for the professions.
The problem is that the Democrats need to fill those in using actual evidence such as witness testimony, documents, etc.
I am sure that Trump wanted him to do what Trump himself would have done: Call his attorney general and say, "Hey, look into this."
"they put them everywhere" can you stop talking about minorities like they're some sort of pest that you have to deal with?
Punishments are measured as to be the best possible compromise between deterrent and fairnes (which we call justice in law).
Don't read too much into the term "vehicular manslaughter" in the title (coming up with a title that's short, descriptive and 100% accurate is hard).
But I'm not sure how to draw that line other than using the result of the punch.
in the announcement of the investigations because that announcement would accomplish his real
stuff) and has social messages about american political climate and a global version which is not politically correct and without social messages?
That he felt obligated to be successful because from a young age he was taught his success and accomplishments will be the measure of his worth.
Even the US has had corrupt politicians.
If you provide the true criticism, then the insult is unnecessary, and all you've done by using it is make the person you're talking to ignore your criticism by making yourself look like an asshole.
People are not robots.
Do you think it would reflect well upon Netflix to have a show "Witcher" and a second version "with less black people"?
There's a criminal act before the death occurs, but the death pushes the offence category to manslaughter.
Including investigations into Burisma.
Increasing the minimum wage would cause a short-term spike in the amount of automation, but this is automation that was going to happen at some point anyway, it'd just happen a bit sooner.
He sees her walking.
Thanks for this, I think it's a good framework.
Yes, the outcomes are different.
Not quite, but not far off.
There's a big reason it's called vehicular *manslaughter* and not vehicular *murder*.
Last night I was surfing on youtube and watched this conan clip
Polls that are reliably closer to actual results and implement transparent methodologies can generally be trusted.
**"I started this investigation long before he was a candidate," he said.
I'm not convinced that some of the polling organizations know how to tick all of the boxes to what they are expected to provide, and leave out some data.
It often isn't because of what you *learned* from that degree but from what having that degree (or not having it) says about the applicant.
The point of having a vehicular manslaughter law is  to have a somewhat lighter punishment for manslaughter with a car because we recognize it as something people do a lot that's at a baseline pretty dangerous.
>two men kissing is very repulsive and i shouldn't have to witness that regularly on tv when i've basically never seen that in real life, its not representative of society, its just propaganda.
Feminism has always been a biased movement, it saw the male role of provider as power and money.
This disagrees with the crux of my view though.
Why is that so offensive?
I see immense value in it, but believe the application of it in weeding out otherwise perfectly sound candidates for jobs is an improper abuse of the system.
Withholding sculpt Atari evidence makes no sense.
This post came about because political advocates LOVE to tout a poll that supports their view, but then point to all of the inconsistencies when they don't like the results.
So i will say , yes it is sometimes fun to use those words, but be careful and be wise with what you say.
I wonder if you have evidence for this, because I don't agree with it.
It is the only means of holding a criminal president accountable, since DOJ policy states a sitting president can't be indicted.
In the situation you describe, your negligence (dangerous driving) caused death.
WHY WAS HE ASKING THE PRESIDENT OF UKRAINE TO INVESTIGATE AMERICAN CITIZENS?
Like in my country when you ogle woman, you won't call sexist, we don't need cringy 'girl power woohooooo!
Just.
Think of how much fossil fuel goes into making a gas powered car.
It put me into a financial bind that I'm still trying to climb out of.
The thing is, I don't know a single Democrat who views Biden as so sacrosanct that they'd do anything to defend him.
I agree we should study it for two reasons: one, to better understand how various inputs actually change the environment versus how we assume they do now, and two, because we could use geoengineering to improve biodiversity in various regions that currently suffer from low life density.
Second, the timing: this comes out of nowhere at a pretty convenient time for Trump.
This only became of avid interest to him after Biden announced his candidacy.
A 10% chance of becoming unemployed and a 90% chance of getting a 50% pay rise seems like a pretty incredibly good gamble to take.
But that can easily be overcome by tools or training.
It was ZELENSKY who was president when Trump withheld the aid on supposed suspicion of corruption and it was ZELENSKY who Trump asked to announce an investigation.
A stupid person will always consider him intelligent.
Part of my thinking comes from a "company" I worked for in college who did "surveys".
It's not their fault that the GOP senators just don't want to hear what they're saying.
But let's say Trump is able to force the FBI to investigate anyone he wants them to - why then would he not force them to investigate the Bidens?
](https://www.eia.gov/tools/faqs/faq.php?id=427&t=3) Since you used terms like "boot space" I'm guessing you're in the UK, and they only got [9% of their energy from coal in 2016.
Finding qualified applicants is hard and it's a convenient sorting method.
What you're saying is that we should be punishing the intention, not the act.
Just because its true, doesn't mean it needs to be said.
I'm a little confused where you get the idea that Dems aren't making these arguments.
([from here](https://www.fbi.gov/about/leadership-and-structure/international-operations), emphasis added)
Even stars of the show say that the show cannot happen again because of current climate on USA and I can perfectly see why.
>For instance, Trump's implausible claim that he withheld the aid from Ukraine because he suspected Zelensky was corrupt.
I'm saying you're stupid so that you will see and acknowledge the flaw in your reasoning.
Same goes for highly niche STEM fields.
An electric car fed only by coal still puts out less pollution.
Look at the TV shows like Office.
As of 2020 we are now in Third Wave Feminism, some people are calling it a Fourth wave.
However, I think generally speaking, it is almost never conversationally appropriate to call someone stupid, or fat, or mentally ill.
1.
he actually is the head of the FBI.
Hunter Biden had no great reason that anyone can think of to be on that board of directors (he had no special knowledge or insight regarding that country or industry), which naturally causes you to wonder if he got that job because his father was VPOTUS.
One theory based on artic deep sea core samples was that there was a major carbon sink event when the aquatic plant Azolla grew in the artic and would sink down to the floor trapping carbon when dead.
I agree this is a drawback, but if we look at the loss of polar habitats and coral reefs, it is clear that climate change is causing irreparable (in the geological short term) harm to the earth's ecosystems and biodiversity.
> The abuse of power allegation is about using the aid appropriated by Congress as a leverage tool against an ally country to get them to put their thumb on the scale of the US election.
Same action, but in one case someone gets seriously hurt - even though no part of your actions differs between the two situations, even if you didn't know the dude was standing there, the outcomes are **very** different.
That Hunter Biden left Burisma years ago and was no longer a current board member or in any way affiliated.
He's also convinced that large elements of the American government are out to get him, so he runs everything through trusted off-the-books goons like Giuliani.
Basically, punching someone *really hard* should be more of a crime than punching someone *a little bit*.
Based on this post, I think you're extremely stupid.
Then Feminism emerged and women rightly noted that they have a role and they are limited by that role.
The fact of a bystander being hit is strong evidence of a higher degree of recklessness.
Trump went public about it right after Mueller concluded his investigation.
No sense in gilding the lily.
Also - as a kind of thought experiment why don't I make the counter-argument and we can see how you argue the point?
Focus on the degree of the punishment, not the words used to describe the crime.
No, its does the opposite of that.
**
Sometimes I see videos on reddit of somebody driving like an asshole/idiot and getting in an accident that results in someone's death.
If placing more responsibility does reduce the number of traffic accidents than placing the responsibility on pedestrians for example.
House democrats failed to pursue that option before charging the president with a political crime, not a statutory one.
* The rules for joint activities and information sharing are generally spelled out in formal agreements between the U.S. and the host nation.
I just think it's important to have a discussion about it to try to get closer to the truth.
* Figures out if the polling company has historical bias and adjusts for that
Businesses are generally best positioned to know what skills a job they are hiring for needs.
People often jump on them saying they got it wrong.
They have an ethically moral argument for being able to do so since other countries were able to.
I'm more arguing against the point about aggressively pursuing actually doing it.
Conan has 45 Clueless Gamer segments uploaded on YouTube including the one you just linked.
\- most of the emissions of an EV come from producing the car, more so than for ICE
To whatever extent the FBI may be able to obtain warrants and make arrests in foreign countries, they can only do so on the basis of treaties which give them that power.
So even if there is a 50% increase in minimum wage, that still only loses 10% of the minimum wage jobs.
But just it having been written about does not mean it was something Trump was concerned about.
I don't want my games getting censored because some American feminist might get triggered, I don't want American comedians limit themselves because of political correctness, I don't want any social messages about relations in USA.
>What is the "corruption" Hunter Biden is accused of?
Now, while some studies have measured it as 0 (as others have linked to here), meaning no employment loss, other studies have found it to just be a pretty low value of something like 
That's some Illuminati level skill.
I agree with you that many jobs have degree requirements they shouldn't.
[See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_5).
* It is known that polls can be "skewed" to make a point seem more valid.
historical movies should respect historical fact and not put any race for diversity.
[Plastic bags are recyclable, but they are so unprofitable that recyclers just throw them away.
> Based on that, is there any moment that wouldn't seem dubious for some reason?
Presidents don't decide, based on "the word is" or "many people are saying" what the FBI investigates or doesn't.
A decade ago USA entertainment was top notch on everything.
Ukraine is still under attack and occupation by Russia currently, yet Trump withheld the aid they needed to keep Ukrainian sovereignty afloat.
A US president should not be asking another country's president to announce an investigation into US citizens.
He can't have possibly (and didn't) remove everyone from the previous administration, so they withhold the money and ask him to look into this idiocy to prove himself.
Its the abuse of power and contempt of congress which is really bad, and that is exactly what they hit him with.
Is there a crime alleged that Joe Biden committed?
We ask other parts of the government to hold the corrupt politicians accountable by investigating them.
Otherwise, we end up in a situation of putting people in jail for years for a single DUI, or if that's too severe, hardly punishing people who kill, and leaving dangerously reckless people on the streets.
Similarly to how if your reckless driving results in accidental property damage you can be charged for the damage along with the reckless driving, you can be charged for killing someone on accident along with the reckless driving.
Hunter or Joe Biden called as "witnesses" to something they weren't witness to would backfire spectacularly.
Trump is trying to argue that it's illegal for Biden to have done what Trump claims, but calls himself "innocent of all wrongdoing" for having done essentially what he accuses Biden of.
However Democrats are being prevented from filling in the gaps with evidence and documents and witness testimony.
It sounds like you make more now than the "raised" minimum wage so why would it affect you?
Reiterating what I've just said: the outcomes of geoengineering are not easily predicted or observed, and as such they carry an extremely high degree of risk.
Or cases (like the punching example above) where there isn't an easy to tell how bad your actions were independent of the outcome.
> The philosophical problem you're describing is also known as "moral luck".
I agree with you, which is why there should be significant punishments for that action *whether or not you kill someone*.
But sex shouldn't play a role in choice nor selection of candidates.
Imo that is totally subjective.
Investigation is not conviction.
"I'm one of the smart ones."
Does that make sense?
1.
The implication of "manslaughter should be the same penalty as running a red light" is that both should be a ticket; the implication of "running a red light should be the same penalty as manslaughter" is that both should be a jail sentence.
The part I'd disagree with is this:
**"It shows there was a lot more collusion in Ukraine than in Russia and that Joe Biden materially assisted in getting some of that covered up, and also by the way got his son out and got a five billion dollar crooked oligarch free who is now running around Ukraine thanking Joe Biden," he charged.
If only all pollsters were good.
That is a confirmed fact.
i mean, if you make 7 bucks an hour, i'd be pretty worried.
The FBI director does not report to the president.
The most important thing to have on your resume is relevant work experience.
She can be a CEO if she really wants to (although there is still a glass ceiling) at the same time she can take time off work at look after her children.
**
There's more to a government than just it's leader and rooting out corruption takes time.
The company would also get backlash for trying to "hide" it \*and\* get backlash from the other half of the crowd for explicitly sanitizing the American version.
Doubtful, but they're Trump's only concern
And how do we deal with that?
If he's corrupts, by all means, bring the evidence forth and lets throw him out.
Doesn't it seem suspect that 5 year old supposed corruption only got Trump's attention when he needed something to use as a distraction?
I don't see these things as "insults" (though it depends on how you interpret the word insult).
Of course we can.
How would it look if Putin called Trump and said he wanted Trump to announce an investigation into Putin's political rival?
Vehicular manslaughter is (generally) the crime or recklessly causing the death of another person while operating a vehicle.
I used to work at food service making $10/hr.
I'm personally not so against trading the Bidens for Bolton or Mulvaney or both, but that opens up a lot of room for the White House counsel to obfuscate the whole trial, focus everything on the Bidens, and make it so that the trial becomes a shit show about the Bidens instead of it being a trial about Trump.
> Since when do presidents double as investigators?
>Rest of the world used to consume American Entertainment but in last decade it seems companies forgot that they market their product to whole world not just USA.
I'm sorry if you think I'm a terrible person.
Why would content makers spend that large amount of money to design separate products just for a smaller foreign market?
For example, asking a polling question about Hillary at a Republican or Trump rally will get you a certain set of results.
If not for the whistle blower, he might've just gotten what he wanted no problem.
Yesterday was day one.
What do you think is going to happen?
This is the only corruption he could find that he's worried about and it just so happens to involve the person he considers to be his biggest political rival?
Fighting climate change is a free rider problem.
I don't think anything is likely to happen to you.
Also fyi I'm not even white in American describtion
It worked ok.
**"I started this investigation long before he was a candidate," he said.
The implication is that Joe Biden interfered in the Ukrainian investigation.
If that is true, why did Trump withhold the aid from the new Administration?
If you aren't worried about automation in a world where Sanders doesn't win, then you shouldn't be worried about automation in a world where he does win.
>DOESN'T TRUMP HAVE A WHOLE DOJ AT HIS DISPOSAL TO INVESTIGATE ANY AMERICAN CITIZEN?
First off, the investigation into Burisma was about a time from before Hunter Biden was on their payroll, so there was no personal benefit to the Bidens to stop it.
If you were speeding and hit someone, you get charged for hitting someone.
10.
Third, stopping the aid as a pressure tactics hurts international policy goals, while poking huge holes in the idea that Zelensky is the anti-corruption paladin.
I would agree that geoengineering should be funded, but when you say aggressively, that suggests it should be funded disproportionately to other measures.
His guilt in this instance is blatant and not even disputed.
Do you *really* think that the crux of my post is that I have a strong belief driving like an idiot should always be punished regardless of context?
You're not actually telling them anything they don't know, you're just making them feel uncomfortable.
But if that's true, why is nobody asking what seems to be the question Trump's story begs: WHY WOULD TRUMP ASK A COUNTRY HE SUSPECTS IS CORRUPT FOR AN INVESTIGATION?
With more and more people reaching that attainment, the people who don't reach it tend increasingly be the least qualified applicants.
That's *exactly* my point.
They can get the things that Ukraine provides, but we don't have any authority to conduct our own investigation in that country, **and we shouldn't**.
That's the foundation for the abuse of power alligation.
All of the people who actually get to make the decision here know exactly what the House managers are saying regardless of whether or not they use particularly forceful language with a lot of assumptions in it.
Yes, because many nation's education systems track people to trade schools from a young age (Germany is notorious for this).
I think the criminal punishment should be about the same in these two cases, but off the top of my head I think it should be higher than "yelled at."
Impeachment is a political process by nature.
It's on the government to prove that you did it intentionally.
We need to free men because both men and women suffer if we don't.
What about the next Blade is white?
I am not the altruist here.
If your dumb friend is at his moms funeral, you probably shouldn't call him stupid while giving the eulogy.
> **Don't be rude or hostile to other users.
Furthermore even though we have opened the door for women to step into high paying positions we haven't opened one for low paying positions.
Recycling is dictated by supply and demand.
There are lot of complexities in people's lives and understanding even a single human is impossible.
From a risk mitigation perspective, shouldn't we devote our resources to testing these outcomes in case they are less risky?
If Hunter used his father's credentials to win a sweet job for himself with a foreign energy company, that's reason to suspect corruption.
> GOP side will just say "if you're so concerned about Hunter Biden, just bring him in as a witness".
It also can acidify the oceans, can change which kind of photosynthesis is preferred (C3/4 versus CAM), and can reduce the amount of oxygen reaching our brains.
All comments that earned deltas (from OP or other users) are listed [here](/r/DeltaLog/comments/esejo0/deltas_awarded_in_cmv_american_companies_should/), in /r/DeltaLog.
Obviously calling someone fat with the intention to make them feel uncomfortable is dickish, yet in another context it shouldn't be bad.
That no woman will love him unless he has something to show for himself, to give.
I don't believe that is true.
by comparing the most fuel efficient diesel car with an EV in a state which is very much coal-based, assuming a low number of miles driven, all this to make the EV look worse.
/u/psfrtps (OP) has awarded 1 delta(s) in this post.
As a result, you're cheaper to employ that those full time workers.
Now, the NY Times is hardly a "right wing" source.
A few months ago, I ran a red light.
I would argue we are already embarking on that effort.
And wording can have an impact.
It makes ZERO sense to ask a corrupt country to investigate something - how could you be sure that the investigation wouldn't be corrupt?
They use this to adjust for gender, race, age, but traditionally have not used education level to weight their results.
The
Another issue I've seen is news sources that report every time there is a minor downward fluctuation in Trump's approval ratings.
> My view is that *driving like an asshole/idiot* is a crime and should have criminal consequences.
> leaving dangerously reckless people on the streets
They could be worse than the positive consequences, but we wouldn't know without a significant effort to evaluate and test.
It's simply a label.
No.
So while articles may have been written on it, Trump was not biting.
> My actions would have been exactly the same, so why in one case should I get away with a ticket at worst, and in the other case spend years in jail?
These are precisely the sorts of things that his defenders use to defend him.
They have been freed from that role to some extent, men haven't been freed from theirs.
It is *absolutely disgusting* that people are willing to condone even the shadow of this kind of behaviour, much lend defend it.
I can't really imagine contexts in which you should call a stupid person stupid.
Additionally, you are treating it like there is America vs everyone else.
Yes, we are.
So when irresponsible driving does in fact cause a fatality, we have no choice but to take it seriously.
Why not be a little courteous to the new president and let him get oriented first?
Hunter, by contrast, worked for a foreign company which likely wanted to use him as a tool to access his dad's power.
That is not a valid legal argument, it's either misinformed or disingenuous.
**It is perfectly reasonable to hold both views but most (all afaik) societies mix both systems and this is also not "wrong".
The FBI (which stands for Federal Bureau of *Investigations*) is a part of the executive branch.
The US should have jurisdiction to investigate an American citizen for fraud or corruption.
This is why we have Interpol.
Trump claims to have had contemporaneous knowledge of the supposed Biden "corruption."
>It's literally imposibble for Conan to make that type of content sadly
See my response to Dougmartin22 above, about that.
Just look at the recent Blizzard protests, and how Hollywood studios will shoot scenes in China or shoehorn in Chinese actors into their films to get past Chinese market restrictions.
Unlike a lot of politically biased journalism and media, polling has a discrete outcome that you can judge it against.
With that qualifier, I at least mostly agree.
In court:"I lost control of the steering wheel your honor".
But every people have their own distinct and contradictory issues with American films.
I'm also not sure what it has to do with my original view.
>The United States Department of Justice (DOJ), also known as the **Justice Department, is a** **federal executive department** of the United States government,
Undoubtedly.
This is time sensitive even if the timing can be changed.
why did he prevent people from testifying?
Maybe.
Conan has 45 Clueless Gamer segments uploaded on YouTube including the one you just linked.
circumstances evidence is allowed in court.
No.
Manslaughter is the crime of recklessly causing the death of another person.
In both of these types of offence, there is no need to prove the *mens rea* ('Guilty mind' element of a crime), only the *actus reus* (the 'actually committed an act' element).
I don't think when it's for the sake of it.
Both an electric vehicle and abgas powered on probably have comparable production costs, but the gas vehicle will consume gasoline throughout it's lifetime, in addition to a variety of other petroleum products, that the electric vehicle won't.
Because many writers care about social justice issues and their art is often inspired by that.
Isn't that far greater abuse than they made the video game girl's titties less visible?
The reason car accidents of such a nature are considered *manslaughter* is because there was no intent behind the death, but there was still an act of negligence, and there was still a criminal offence leading to the death.
There are plenty of crimes that require intent to be proven, and people do get convicted of those crimes all the time.
It all uses the same infrastructure.
So they're a moderate improvement over traditional cars anyway.
[removed]
A TV show that promoted political correctness by making fun of people who act inappropriately in the workplace?
And on average, someone with a degree is going to be more capable.
But I'm aware of any non-college journeymen programs for anything in engineering/finance/business/etc
Mick Mulvaney claimed that the aid was withheld and the investigation demanded [because of the "DNC Server.
So while they're filling a job that can be done without a degree, they're hoping to find someone that can advance.
The economic incentive of all parties is to use the cheapest form of energy, but the best outcome for all parties is the drastic global reduction of carbon, methane, and other greenhouse gasses.
> In the situation you describe, your negligence (dangerous driving) caused death.
> Like witcher series in Netflix, like black Little Mermaid
The obvious exceptions to this argument are highly-skilled and technical positions.
And as President, he's in a good position to start an investigation.
So in those cases where you do it in the worst way possible and kill someone, it makes sense to punish more severely.
I tried to stick my hand in and reached for the sock but the area was just way too narrow.
If they sample 100 people and 60 of them are women and 40 men, but they know the demographics of the area they're targeting is 51% women and 49% men, what they'll do is their weight the responses of the sampled women by the ratio of 60 to 51.
Which is not the FBI.
Is that just the only reason?
I don't think that's correct.
Not to mention inflation.
I'm a pretty small person.
But the fact that someone died was just unlucky and shouldn't cause the punishment to be significantly harsher.
Does that make sense?
Where is the backlash?
If there's a reason to investigate, Ukraine will investigate.
She can stay at home if she likes, she can work part time, she can work full time.
Why wouldn't the company just increase the price?
I think the punishment for drunk driving should not be significantly different depending on whether someone happens to die, for example.
The Biden announcement was only half of his ask.
Overall the electric car uses far less energy to run, so even if it's from coal it's using a lot less of the energy source than a gasoline engine does.
>and constantly trying to put messages about social justice.
I have used all those negative words in my vocab to my close friends.
> Put cholera in a city's water supply?
For example, asking a polling question about Hillary at a Republican or Trump rally will get you a certain set of results.
It just is?
Why not take the time to work trough proper channels and avoid implicating the president directly into something that looks *very very bad* for him?
> **Comments must contribute meaningfully to the conversation**.
The alleged corruption isn't ongoing.
That helps, right?
Or help a mentee improve.
exhibit A ladies and gentelman.
1) No one makes you watch.
Where's the issue?
>How?
The punishment is different because the outcome is different.
The guy doesn't have experience in any of those things and has shown to not be able to handle these things.
In the first case, you're simply breaking some traffic violations.
So the data we are able to gather, no matter how much money and resources we pump into it, will always be temporally and spatially limited.
I believe that "insults" are mainly a social construct nowadays.
But you're playing the odds.
It's true though.
You think that insults are the same thing as criticism, and that the person you're insulting has to rationally explain why you're wrong, rather than you offering an explanation of why *they're* wrong.
They're focused on one aspect, Trump's behavior, and only that.
for the netflix series, try google
Not so that you can increase the punishments on big crimes, but so you can reduce the punishments on small crimes.
It's really only worthwhile if you have a pipeline installed already.
By removing deterrent and punishment from bad luck-esq actions, you also removed a huge part of negligence or even straight up criminal behavior.
That's what I mean by the dials moving and shifting to match whatever most convenient at the time.
do you like watching people take a shit ?
So when, exactly, is the right time for Trump to ask Zelensky to investigate the Bidens' involvement with Burisma?
Comments that are only links, jokes or "written upvotes" will be removed.
>The first valid legal argument is that the president isn't being charged with any statutory violation.
Another popular argument is, "if two candidates are equal in every way except for the fact that one has a university degree and the other doesn't".
Sorry, u/VY_Cannabis_Majoris – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 5: 
And if the first paragraph without any of this explanation *did* convince you you were wrong?
Waiting a couple months to let Zelensky get his feet on the ground before broaching the issue seems reasonable to me.
Sounds interesting
That would be a rather large expense, and would really upset Americans.
In roughly the last twenty years, the number of 25-29 year olds with Bachelor's degrees has increased by [almost 10 percent](https://nces.ed.gov/fastfacts/display.asp?id=27) and is trending up.
But being a CEO, you would be stupid to proclaim this a male role.
Fighting climate change is a free rider problem.
You also have to consider the lifetime of the vehicle.
Schiff explicitly made the argument last night during the procedure votes, I forget for which witness.
If most of the electricity generated was by hydropower plants then I can agree that we can bring the emission levels down all around the world but when most of the electricity is generated by coal how does that even help?
Women are given more work leave than men.
So you just want license to be an asshole.
how much do you make at FedEx?
Does it help them grow faster?
Ugh.
Joe Biden allegedly got a former Ukrainian prosecutor fired for having just that suspicion.
Feminism largely believes that gender roles should be abolished altogether.
Nor women.
President Trump was investigating Biden back in 2018 for interference in the 2016 election.
Similarly if a surgeon doesn't follow proper hygiene leading to death, or a workplace fails to provide proper safety equipment and a worker dies.
FedEx would be more likely to reduce full time staff to part time before laying off part time staff and keeping full time.
I also don't need to assume any of the facts because they've been stipulated to.
Feminism recognizes that societal expectations of masculinity is often as oppressive as societally enforced femininity.
Does that make you feel better about yourself?
I think it was just something in my mind as "another negative aspect to our elections", It didn't fit with the topic.
The first is unintended consequences.
Second of all, Biden has admitted that unless a prosecutor was fired, he would withhold US aid to Ukraine.
If someone is selfish, they should be okay being called selfish.
Make it a fine and it wouldn't be far fetched anymore.
If you would like to appeal, review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&subject=Rule+2+Appeal+psfrtps&message=psfrtps+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/esdenk/-/ff9b389/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted.
They're withholding far more than they've released.
How can Biden possibly be judged "guilty of corruption" when there was never even the investigation Trump wanted?
2.
I agree.
It proves that Trump was trying to have his 2016 advantage artificially re-enacted.
They have insulted more.
I mean, Depending on what your doing, your job is probably already at risk to being lost to a robot.
So what's the use of calling it environment-friendly when many factors suggest it isn't.
It seems like a perfect comprimize.
I think this is the crux of what I'm not seeing.
Since nobody has found a better reason than that latter fact for Hunter to be on Burisma's board, asking about the meaning of that makes sense.
Btw, I don't think sarcasm is a great idea in a serious discussion, especially over text.
I hated food service as well as other entry level jobs.
I called you stupid, and because of it, your entire attitude changed, and it rendered the entire rest of my post worthless.
Giant gaming companies and Hollywood studios routinely censor themes and material because they fear offending more socially and politically conservative international audiences and not being able to get past the censors in those countries, especially China.
Unless you actually fuck mothers.
I think the answer to why they don't bring up this argument is because it goes against Democratic and international policy on corruption.
The value they measure is something called "elasticity" which tells you for what percent increase of minimum wage you'd expect to see what percent decrease in jobs.
We actually have a real problems so people doesn't need to fabricate fake ones out of boredoom.
It's not just that.
This is largely not true outside the US.
These expectations emerged due to survival pressures and now that survival isn't so hard we're starting to notice that men and women don't have to be so different, we can be basically the same.
He decides to run her over in his rage.
Geoengineering can then help us replace biodiversity loss by greening up various places, via spraying a mix of microclay, volcanic sediment, and organic wastes all over the place or whatever other methods we may choose.
[-0.2](https://www.frbsf.org/economic-research/files/el2015-37.pdf).
Isn't this one of the FBI's roles, to conduct investigations in coordination with foreign authorities?
So, for example, if you poll people asking them if they'll vote for Hillary or Trump, they know to switch half the questions and instead ask Trump or Hillary.
Journalists then comb through that data and choose what to report on and what not to report on.
We haven't had a president with as consistent approval ratings since Nixon.
That being said it would also be possible for gasoline engines to become efficient enough to be more eco friendly than electric cars if government's weren't pushing so hard for electric vehicles.
In reality, the enforcement of those laws, the choice of the prosecutor to subsequently press charges, and the verdict and sentence handed down by the judge and jury massively depend on those details and are not restricted to the laws on the books.
The way to handle disputes between co-equal branches of government is through the third co-equal branch...the judiciary.
I don't really have much of an opinion on whether it should be illegal to drive like an idiot in a context where you can really be sure there's no one else around.
This is especially true if you look at polls with a rating of A or B (which would roughly correspond to the "pollsters who know what they're doing and want to represent reality accurately").
>WHY WOULD TRUMP ASK A COUNTRY HE SUSPECTS IS CORRUPT FOR AN INVESTIGATION?
There are a lot of really solid polling organizations out there such as Pew and Gallup.
Some philosophers argue that and that is reasonable.
By using an insult in this situation instead of weighing pros and cons in a constructive way, all you will get is hostility and hurt.
There isn't some government agency to  determine that however, and it would be ridiculous and far too subjective a task to try to determine what the educational requirements for every job listing is.
This means that feminists are in favor of men being primarily nurturers while women are providers or any combination of the two (and any gender combination as well).
Through this lottery, many drivers will get out scot-free (or with minor punishments), while some will be punished for killing someone.
And yet, the video has 10million views, 165K likes to 3k dislikes, and Conan still has his show.
We're putting them together because they came together on that phone call, but there's no reason for them to have always been connected and no reason for them to remain so (as evidenced by the fact that the aid funding was barely delayed and there is no investigation in sight).
I'm pretty sure that's wrong.
I caught it immediately.
*However* geoengineering is not an acceptable solution to the current kind of climate change.
while praising a corrupt Ukrainian prosecutor general,164 and oversaw efforts to cut foreign programs
We may invent new forms of geoengineering to do this, like by greening the Sahara, but the current methods being looked at will only exacerbate the issue.
As someone who works only 20 hours a week on average with people who have decades of seniority over me, I'm 90% certain I will be on the first to be let go.
what?
Same way I think we deserve better than a president willing to degrade the office help himself politically.
> And unfortunately, that's pretty much impossible to do unless you took it upon yourself to write "Yo I'm gon' go run over this asshole" on your facebook page.
Your actions would *not* have been exactly the same.
Generally, pollsters release **all** of the data collected in a poll.
It didn't see the construction worker, the logger, the sewage worker, the fireman, the trucker.
Most people (myself included) go to university and sink tens of thousands of dollars into something that I may not even involve myself in later in life or at all even.
You can say anything provided you are ready to accept the consequences
Would you say that if you intent for someone to get killed but you failed the punishment should be the same as if you succeed?
In addition, I agree with your point that people often take a single poll as evidence for their viewpoint in an argument, but using a collection of polls from quality pollsters is actual evidence that someone could use to make a point.
For example: A girl just moved in with a guy.
Nope, because you have to be able to *prove it*.
Even so, the prosecutor that Biden worked to help remove was removed specifically because he *wasn't* investigating allegations of corruption in Ukraine.
We need equality in choice.
They don't need to impress anyone else.
Polls are an inexact science, I agree.
Just because one American citizen was formerly involved with Burisma (were the Bidens the ONLY Americans involved with Burisma?
Both men and women can hold toxic views about masculinity.
He was wholly uninterested until Biden announced his candidacy 4 years after the fact, then all of a sudden Burisma and Hunter Biden became a big issue for Trump.
We no longer teach young girls to be passive and housebound to the extent we used to.
By comparison, the only defence for an Absolute Liability offence (eg.
Fat, selfish, distractible... Other examples would be crazy, irresponsible, gluttonous... We all have flaws and there's a bunch of different words we can use to describe those flaws.
This film was very, very poorly done and based on the marketing clearly just a cash grab for the PC crowd.
They weren't making direct arguments towards Trump's guilt, instead focusing on how their evidence from the House hearings makes Trump appear guilty and there should be more evidence in the trial to give them more detail.
I would think that 1 Bn a year would be able to fund large scale experiments for several of the more promising approaches with about half of that, as well as hundreds of research grants for laboratory tests.
I'm going to start by adding a qualifier:
The endgoal is near zero emissions, and that's impossible when everyone drives gas vehicles.
I do appreciate the proper pollsters, but I was just replying to another comment about an article I read a few years ago about political organizations with money, starting their own "polling data & analysis" companies, who end up not only skewing the poll results to be favorable for the party who hired them (ie: their own party), and make a shit ton of money off of them in the process.
[deleted]
you are under the impression that only people from america cares about racism, homophobia, sexism, etc etc, thats objectively false, if anything america is often more bigoted.
This is a disingenuous argument.
Trump uttered nary a peep about it.
Emancipation from what?
It's entirely true that people with Bachelor's degrees may be less qualified than those without, but it tends not to be the case.
her mom was wrong to call her stupid.
Please be as detailed as possible and maybe give me examples if possible?
If I had not called you stupid, then my third paragraph is something you would have paid attention to.
In fact, even when he ends up claiming to care all along, Trump makes no move on Ukrainian corruption.
For example, a sock fell in this hard to reach spot once.
Since the constitution does not define "misdemeanors", we are left o assume the common law definition, which still includes a statutory offense.
Like witcher series in Netflix, like black Little Mermaid, like female ghostbusters...etc.
By the by your example above is not manslaughter or vehicular manslaughter.
Those things can absolutely be used to argue the House's case.
This already happens?
/edit
That could be to a position that does need a degree.
Just as for women, there are certain behaviours that are considered proper for a man and other's that aren't.
So what might be a statement of fact to you might not be for another.
We don't know if Biden did anything corrupt, but Trump is all ready to call him corrupt based solely on his FEELINGS, but without any evidence to back it up.
This is my point, before I replied I sat here and tried to think of a time when it makes sense to call someone stupid.
If I were POTUS, that's how I'd have done it.
"For two years, members of this Committee have declared that criminal and impeachable acts were established for everything from treason to conspiracy to obstruction.
Or maybe you want to vet out and idea or help a friend by giving them advice.
Furthermore, Trump's claim that his inquiry to Zelensky about the Bidens was made out of Trump's sudden desire to root out Ukraine corruption, right?
I didn't say with or without anything.
More people are going to run red lights and more people are going to get killed because you've just lessened the punishment.
That's like saying your local Amazon distribution center isn't part of Amazon Corporate because it reports to a regional office.
Possible.
The overall point here is that we can SEE what Trump did and there's not even any dispute about it.
He said he withheld the aid because of suspected corruption.
First, there's the nature of the request: he's not asking for an investigation, he's asking *very specifically* for an announcement.
In jobs that are vulnerable to automation, the only reason they're not yet automated is because the initial cost of replacing workers with machines is high and the continuing cost of employing people is lower than that.
Women were subjugated in their limited role and were not taken as seriously, she was under her husbands thumb but received physical protection for her and her children, as well as provisions.
I'm not weighing on the validity of the allegations, I'm just stating what the case is.
Who's to say that the Ukrainian investigation wouldn't have expanded to look at Hunter Biden?
In this case we have no control, though.
> The goal was to replace him with someone that would do more, not someone that would stop investigating.
Arguments about the time it takes to work through courts are fairly easily dismiss not only because courts can fast-track cases, but also because house democrats themselves delayed in sending the articles to the senate, and now insisting on prolonging the rules debate by introducing every rule amendment separately and unnecessarily  prolong the process.
Now they have waste time to go and return the dress.
The timing  makes perfect sense.
Because he doesn't suspect that *all of Ukraine* is corrupt.
I mean why do you think he's being impeached?
Still food service is not my thing and I'd rather stay with the job I have now until I finish college.
My thoughts about that last statement about the last general election have changed due to another comment so we are now in agreement about that.
If someone resembles Nazi, is it okay for me to call them a Nazi?
For example Disney cutting Finn from the poster of TFA for China and Disney again cutting lesbian kiss scene from ROTS on Singapore.
> WHY WOULD TRUMP ASK A COUNTRY HE SUSPECTS IS CORRUPT FOR AN INVESTIGATION?
>Also - as a kind of thought experiment why don't I make the counter-argument and we can see how you argue the point?
Trump had no problem with corruption in Ukraine before and was even perfectly happy sending them money.
For instance, a key piece of the Democrats' argument has been that Trump did not actually give a shit about corruption in Ukraine.
So this would absolutely be an example of Ukrainian corruption in that they're essentially paying Hunter Biden to get Joe Biden push out their own politicians.
I really don't mean to.
Put cholera in a city's water supply?
They raised the minimum wage in ontario from 10 to 14, and literally nothing happened.
Because corruption isn't the same across the whole government.
On the other hand, if I were to say something like "you won't get in easily on the airplane because of your size", why is that bad?
But wait!
It doesn't when you consider the previous Ukrainian administration was considered corrupt and that Zelensky was only elected in April of 2019.
Within the context of Black Panther, it matters which characters are of which race.
The abuse of power allegation is about using the aid appropriated by Congress as a leverage tool against an ally country to get them to put their thumb on the scale of the US election.
But no, he just had to try anyway, and it didn't work...
**
You don't just call a newly elected president and say, "Hey, congratulations!
So there was *importance* but not *urgency* to getting this work done.
Circumstantial evidence is allowed in courts.
If you on a date maybe you want to get to know them better.
I would argue that especially in positions that require softer skills, like relatability, reading social cues and cooperation (i.e.
> Are you saying that I should be allowed to fire a gun randomly into a crowd, and as long as I happen not to hit anyone, everything is fine?
It's a personal favor for political gain.
your surely don't but would you hate them for that?
The philosophical problem you're describing is also known as "[moral luck](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Moral_luck)".
But it isn't necessarily possible to adjust for every possible factor and part of it is just learning as we go and respecting that that is part of why polls have error margins.
This could then be compared to typical variation over the same period and compared in a significance test.
> outcomes are very different
Many American companies actually distribute Domestic and Internationally distinct content of their media ([MTV Spain](http://www.mtv.es/) for example).
Now biologically, with equivalent lifestyles, men are stronger than women.
A modern man (although things are improving slightly, not very much) can either work full time, work full time, or work full time.
Or Maybe you want to hook up.
Your logic is "I've said one word and now you must either spend a long time proving to me why that word does not describe you, or should go and fix your life".
Without certain witnesses and documents, a lot of this can be called hearsay even if it seems pretty obvious.
In short, Vehicular Manslaughter **is** a crime **because** it is no different to other negligence-causing-death crimes.
I'm not sure why but I guess my post may be unclear.
Want to know why everything is a big PG-13 fantasy blockbuster, and there's very little room for adult dramas or even comedies?
4.
My question is why is it "bad" to use "insults"?
If a foreign leader had taken office in 2014 and suspected corruption involving the Obama administration, wouldn't it make sense for them to wait until 2016 and see if a different administration took over that would actually be interested in uncovering the corruption.
As I've said in another thread, I think that Attorney General Barr should have spoken to the Ukrainian Prosecutor General about the Bidens and that both presidents should have stayed out of it.
If we punish adults in the same was a children, then it becomes hilariously easy for terrible people to get away with their crimes, because all they have to do is not have any evidence proving they intended to be harmful.
EDIT: I'm not sure but the title should probably be something like: "insulting" someone should be okay if it's true
So even if your area uses coal today, it might use a renewable source tomorrow.
> I don't see these things as "insults"
They are small and easy to transport and have clearly valuable metals inside.
What is the difference between content?
> A few months ago, I ran a red light.
This is in the hopes that I can treat those around me better.
