I assume that she was talking about muscle memory?
So what behavior is it that you object to in people who are against cultural appropriation?
The rule has to be that the person who used the word gets to define what they meant by it.
I would understand every word but sometimes not get the overall meaning.
An example would be... using an academic version of a word within a more casual context.
When people say that language changes with time or is fluid, what they technically mean is that new homonyms are introduced into language with time, and that is certainly true.
When I was studying the psychology of learning in university, almost all of the studies we looked at corresponded to automatic/subconsciously learned things.
In your own example, you chose to disregard the original definition of the term 'cultural appropriation' and use an alternative definition instead.
The response to that is something like, "Dude.
The dictionary would say the same.
Whereas, if a child dresses up in a headress, more likely than not the kid has no idea what it means, has no knowledge of the culture it came from, and has no desire to grow up to be the type of warrior who would have earned the right to wear such a headress.
If a term is not fitting or you don't know how to name it you can use additional more basic words to describe your thoughts.
I still disagree with it In absolute principle as the worst thing I've ever seen but it's not made up at least.
Discrepancies in medical treatment, behavior of law enforcement, upwards social mobility, etc.
Then you can debate if the thing that you're discussing meets that definition or not.
Neither was it meant to replace the original meanings of those words.
If the respondee is confused then they need to sell clarification.
The military is sort of like a culture In a sense as well.
I agree with the above statement in theory, but in practice I can only imagine it being used by someone with their own, different, firmfixed beleive about the word AND any time I have had one of these arguments, the argument either ends right there or we get to the fundamental disagreement.
Really, it's just more proof that you're simply partisan virtue signaling rather than having really thought through these issues.
However I won't stop them if they simply choose their own personal definition.
And both of those are perfectly valid uses of gender, they're just talking about different things.
More importantly, you're picking only a single definition to agree with.
When a story is perceived as true, calling it a mytheven if I'm technically correctis seen as wrong because definitions 2b and 3 are the automatic assumption.
Take the word leaf or dog or cultural appropriation; no one of us has the same image of either of these things in our head unless we have borrowed the definition of another group, despite each dog or leaf unique variable and an original existence, much like we attribute to ourselves.
Given that terms are relative to us, and that words can only be these symbols of representation, we must, if we are to get to the root of any debate whatsoever, define our terms, our assumptions, etc.
TLDR, the existence of words doesn't mean everything actually fits neatly into the categories defined by the words, and so it doesn't necessarily matter if there is an agreedupon definition.
However the word is not in widespread use when they first use it.
Not ok with the latter.
The only actions that I agree with when it comes to disrespecting other culture is destroying culture as that destroys knowledge which I disagree with.
The dictionary is often less relevant then the way a word is colloquialy used, you cannot dismiss a definition solely because "it's not in the dictionary." That's not to say you can use language in Any way you want, but there is a bit of grey area here.
I honestly don't get the problem with this.
Which begs the question: did you bother looking up the definition before you stated what it was?
The problem with naming economic or political structures is that no two countries or two theorist have the same definitions,, so really there is no common descriptive word in the language.
But if I'm a woman, married to another woman, in a world where I can legally call my partnership a marriage, I'll be able to say 'yes' when someone asks if I am married, and not be stigmatized for being a lesbian unless and until the bigoted person on the other end finds out that my partner is not a man.
For instance, I could say I'm trying to research the effects of a specific educational intervention (direct instruction, discovery learning, guided selfstudy, ...) on student outcomes.
since governments are rarely racist today but the phrase "institutional racism" is widely known.
Whether it's public or private the restriction is still in place because of cultural appropriation is all I'm saying.
Are you making up your own definition of context?
Sure.
Homonymy is one of the most fertile sources for confusion due to ambiguity, and this is just when taking into consideration all known homonyms, and it is even more of a source of miscommunication and misunderstanding with new homonyms being used all the time.
But Cultural Appropriation is a term that absolutely makes sense within its academic context.
He can still keep up the image that what he said was that the state of Mexico will actually foot the bill of the construction of the wall.
If you are actively belittling a culture now that's bad.
Yeah but she has a big ass so, you know, trade offs
Assuming we're talking within the context of American culture and American people, the only real difference between wearing an unearned headress and an unearned purple heart is that the person wearing the headress is stealing valor from the military tradition of another culture, and (usually) they're ignorant of the fact that they're stealing that valor.
If someone obtains some sort of material gain by pretending to be an Indian then I think that is not ok because lying shouldn't be rewarded.
The problem with your argument there is that both cultural diffusion and appropriation are widely used in fields that study culture and language development (sociology, anthropology, etc.
To which then it can be used within that academic context because your not making up a word but using it within the context it fits
(I expanded a bit on that [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/eunbnm/cmv_saying_definitions_change_or_language_is/ffqtlhp/).)
I don't agree at all, and I explained why in my OP.
So I think the issue basically comes to this.
Literally everyone else is telling you that's impossible
Looking at it that way, the arguments you present are much more convincing.
Unemployment, in general, was already going down before Trump got in.
Employing minorities (deliberately excluding them is illegal) isn't convincing.
He posted lies that imply that black people are more violent.
Also, I'm guessing the tweet is in response to the black lives matter movement.
What are some examples of those?
That logic can be applied to literally any behavior.
It's not a critic, just that you are – in a way – asking the sub to convince you that a fallacious reasoning can be used as a proof.
Even the black slave owners?
These may be common arguments; however, it's very difficult to argue the intent of someone else.
I don't think Trump actually has anything against minorities.
I did not make them do so.
I don't think these arguments prove or disprove whether his view of race.
The only exception would be the last one about how he dated a black woman.
So what are the prior assumptions that would work for you?
Not only that, he appears to get along with him really well.
You can't rightly prove one way or the other if he's racist.
Hell this is the guy who tried to trick his own aging father into giving him way more inheritance money and total control of the businesses while his father was still alive.
But he doesn't even try to fake it.
But until he's actually out here doing more than accidentally using dogwhistles
That's not ignoring it.
Think about what the point of posting the statistic was
Well, yes, I'm sure some people are more interested in the community aspects of the Klan than the racism, but that still means they are racist enough that they will hang out with the Klan.
If you're taking the epistemological approach that you can't prove someone isn't a racist because you can't know everything about them, are the arguments against anyone being racist convincing?
But not the black people who owned black slaves back then?
Some, but not all.
In order for me to label someone "racist" they would have to be pretty outspoken about it because that's a pretty strong accusation.
In the context of blacks killed by police in comparison to other causes of death in the black community, the post isnt inappropriate, just poorly informed
But until he's actually out here doing more than accidentally using dogwhistles or campaigning for policies that appear racial but aren't necessarily, I'm hesitant to think he's actually a racist.
Is that his name), and put programs in place that did help the black community.
He didn't post crime statistics.
noun
The only way for this point to actually be convincing is if we already agree that you cannot both date black women and be racist thereby allowing us a provable positive (that he dated a black woman) to rebut the argument that he's racist.
That is as racist as it gets.
This is my exact thought on him.
He doesn't hate undocumented people, he just gets more from the people who do than he does from them, so guess who's side he chooses.
I also actually do think he's racist, but more in the old, ignorant man kind of way and not the active racist who would intentionally harm minorities kind of way.
Maybe.
You would if people accused of you of being one.
My point is that the framing of the situation is unfair.
It just means that maybe he is a racist or maybe he isn't.
What if I were say that Trump's actions are so universally selfish that he sees all humans as being equally expendable and usable.
This one is very absurd.
I guess, but I don't think that really invalidates my larger point.
I don't know.
Not people just accused of being racist but are outspoken.
No, I'm saying that narcissism doesn't automatically mean that someone isnt racist, but I think in Trump's case his narcissism is a better explanation for the racist things he's done and said than him actually having animosity towards minorities.
Mostly to cover up scars and fill in my (also scarred) eyebrows.
You're contributing with the culture that says they need makeup to be beautifull, and need to be beautifull to have confidence/selfworth.
I wear makeup.
Because what is the difference between decorating your body with essentially face paint versus any of these other body decorations?
What evidence is there of cosmetics making people behave worse?
On this point the version of equality I think would lead to the most happiness would be noone needing to do it, not everyone doing it equally.
In order to value these higher qualities, one must start with lower qualities, such as sex appeal.
Makeup is, like anything else, a form of selfexpression.
Cosmetic are not healthcare products, last I checked, but some cosmetics could be infused with some "health stuff" for marketing values.
Humor and affirmations of agreement can be contained within more substantial comments.
Which is a tendency for people to more easily recognize faces that are most similar (to their own face or the faces of those they are accustomed to).
Wanted to change OP view, but after reading through all 40 posts (at time of response), not a single person has provided a compelling argument.
What makes you think that cosmetics are a net gain for everyone's confidence?
You don't need to hear from your mother daily that she loves you.
Also, what about the men that do wear it and see it as a form of self expression?
You may see cosmetics as a waste of resources, but they did not pop into existence out of nowhere.
In my book means : your doing being yourself wrong
I dont see it and I seriously dont think anyone who uses cosmetic are trying to be an extension of themselves.
You don't need the confidence.
This is not necessarily an issue of racism.
If you would like to appeal, review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&subject=Rule+5+Appeal+talawas&message=talawas+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/euncue//ffqbhzz/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted.
Cosmetics are not a hobby.
We should all be reading, exercising and learning, instead.
I know that in the world I live in, people will be kinder, friendlier, and more helpful if I look attractive or at the very least neutral.
It's honestly Chinese level.
Not all cosmetics are bad for the environment or for one's health.
Sure, but that's not an option for everyone and there are perfectly healthy people that just have a look of constantly being tired or are constantly pale or etc.
It is very hard to get to agape if you reject eros.
That's an unequitable and damaging state of affairs for a lot of people.
Though I strongly support evolving out of the high paying economy of competitive sports, arts and movies, because they too are becoming more harmful than good.
We aren't a sane society.
Makeup is used daily to make the wearer more confident by augmenting their reality.
So what about a culture that accept pale people, instead of trying to fit everyone in the idealized beauty model?
Its not the same as cosmetics designed to deliberately obscure true nature of individuals.
I do care to a lesser extent about how others see me.
If they see my scarred up face and arms, my patchy eyebrows, my uneven skin, they will be more wary of interacting.
It Leeds to people covering up insecurities without learning how to grow out of them, it teaches you to bury your problems llitterally) in makeup.
You don't need to tell your friends they look good today, or your pregnant coworker that she's glowing, and yet we need such commentary (even if they're lies) to retain our social connections.
Also, do you have any strong evidence of the harmfulness of cosmetics, jewelry, and tattoos in general?
The things you put on canvas or artistic objects would probably disfigure your face.
How do you draw a line here?
This is not healthy (and is a common dynamic)
.. you have to find something else to express your individuality ...
A tonne of cosmetics doesn't try to hide its own nature.
We need it in our lives.
[See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_5).
How do you change ideal beauty standards and how do you police what a person finds attractive?
Is brown canvas sack comfortable and practical for all situations and jobs?
I have the same views for clothing and hair too.
Something being fake or presenting a fantasy is not intrinsically wrong.
I grew up closeted in what I'll call a "high commitment" belief community where kids are indoctrinated at a very young age.
You're right that they appear very christian but they don't seem to show much of the 2 most important commandments.
For example, while I do respect the teachings of Freud, I do not believe in almost any of them.
Within a very short time the population with the lower probability trait will be effectively 0.
Literally the next line "For we wrestle not against flesh and blood, but against principalities, against powers, against the rulers of the darkness of this world, against spiritual wickedness in high places."
I do not think Religion will die if just ignored because people will be lead by their heart and spirit to the truth.
For example, as a young adult, I became religiously observant and moved to the right.
So people will still want to believe it, even if they aren't forced to.
Complete bullshit.
Who's to say our current beliefs are not themselves a flawed offshoot only arrived at due to our own previous misconceptions in the humanities?
If the boys cannot live and function with your religion in real life (or even the army), only in a closed of community, in your little bubble of life and what you want it to besorry you really need to think through your teaching.
You can have a problem with the study, I think the data makes intuitive sense as well though.
My parents never forced anything onto me and it is my own decision
Religion is here to stay for a very long time, if not forever.
I mean, we still don't have all the answers and being that religion was essentially created to explain the unknown I assume there would still be a possibility of us trying to answer that unknown with religion.
distinct civilizations which developed for thousands of years, independently, should disprove that.
I'm sorry, I just need some more details on what type of upbringing that third of people actually had.
I'm not religious, but neither is indoctrination.
Another largely over lapping group is instinctively driven to understand the meaning of life.
OP never actually said he had no problem with corporate advertising propaganda, yet this persons wrote a paragraph about why he's wrong to say that.
[Isaiah 25:8](https://www.kingjamesbibleonline.org/Isaiah258/)He will swallow up death in victory; and the Lord GOD will wipe away tears from off all faces; and the rebuke of his people shall he take away from off all the earth: for the LORD hath spoken [it].
But do not be confused with the modern sense of "political parties".
Religions are here to stay for a very long time into the future.
From your own link:This unnamed heavenly messenger is sent by God to encourage Joshua in the upcoming claiming of the Promised Land.
"An it harm none, do as ye wish"except from the Wiccan Reed
Hitler used it for evil, Martin Luther King used for good.
We get taught this in school, that in recent years people has reacted to the enforced secularism from the state.
2030 years won't do a thing, enough of them will choose to refer back to the existing doctrines to which you referits easier.
OK so i'll have a go at this.
The values and teachings of religions, to the extent that they exist, have never been the main point.
Often times the ruling state has conflicts that compete with the religion where they wish it just didnt exist.
If all major religions were lost, the new ones that took their place would not be the same.
I have already changed my mind.
A recent example of misinterpretation for power is when the Taliban used and still use Islam as the reason for misogyny and suppression of women, when Islam is actually a religion that empowers women in many ways.
If we truly removed indoctrination then we would come to see who discovers that on their own.
It's pretty arguable.
Who planted the "need" for native american tribes to engage in "spiritual journeys" to find their animal spirit?
Heritable doesn't mean genetic.
Whether it actually has a genetic factor and how large it is is hard to say.
People are either capable and willing to think critically or they are not.
It doesn't make it a sure thing.
To some it is Godly, to others its just a book of stories and poetry but we have read writtings by Marco Polo, Marcus Aurelias, Shakespeare, etc.
Money and titles are heritable.
Well it certainly valorizes acts of war and violence, such as the deeds of David, Samson, and other Israelite kings.
But it is not true for the westernized world of Europe, North America and large urbanized areas in Africa, and the rest of the world.
Charles Darwin was Christian.
What's wrong with the world?
I don't think it really matters all that much that there are external, environmental factors to that because the tendency is so strong to believe what your parents believe.
Your issue doesn't seem to lie in the religions and their teachings themselves.
I think it only worked soso.
For me it's about the change that follows.
The moral hazzard isn't betting on yourself by getting a degree, it's that discharging student debt willfully entered into reduces any incentive to for debtors (current or future) to pay back debt.
Most federal loans are on income based payment plans, and those loans are owed to the government, not a private business/charity that will go bankrupt if it doesn't get paid.
There is a bigger issue here for society.
So you shouldn't provide universal healthcare because Bezos can pay for cancer treatment outright without even an insurance policy (if he had to)?
Would it be fair to her to pay her the same as everyone else?
This isn't even a democrat/republican issue as several leading democratic candidates are against wide spread loan forgiveness.
No, it most likely wouldn't.
To my original post, there are better means to encourage education rather than loan forgiveness.
Why not?
An educated population is good for America.
Lets tear down dormitories and install new state of the art dormitories for competition.
I don't see how making a cohort of people better credit risks increases the chance of a repeat of the subprime crisis of the mid2000s.
This could be addressed in many ways.
It's also a moral issue for me.
like 35% of US has a 4 year degree.
An Myearold arguing that they should receive handouts from the common coffers so they can support the others is simply a thinlyveiled rationalization of their greed.
In theory, cancelling contractually agreed to debt is not a good idea.
Minority of what?
I agree if there were periodic times when student debt was wiped it can promote poor decisions, but I don't see how eliminating debts once then changing the system such that it's not necessary again would promote poor decisions.
If we were talking about free college, you'd have a point here.
Last, roughly 70 percent of people go to college, but only 50 percent graduate.
The fact that a STEM student may be able to pay off their loans, does nothing to address the need for the loan in the first place.
I am very much for equality of opportunity and think we agree with almost everything except the fact that cancelling student loans is a bad idea.
"You are elite if you do."
and that current student debt is eliminated
Yes.
That doesn't make sense, why would people take those loans in the first place if the only reason they're pursuing such an education is to pay them back.
I already explained how.
You pointed out the positives of increase home purchasing and more consumption of goods and services.
Mortgages and auto loans can be discharged into bankruptcy if need be.
So in short, I am for suspending student loan debt currently, until a better system can be put in place, and we can start funding our public institutions again with tax dollars.
Your first point was that it would be unfair.
The US government is by far the single largest economic entity on Earth.
On average, people make more with bachelor's degrees than without, which means over time they're going to pay more in taxes, so by subsidizing degrees you help people contribute more to society, no matter what degree they get.
Sweet then pay your loansWhat's right is what matters, not what's fair.
What's right is what matters, not what's fair.
None of these actually address people with student debt right now.
And putting someone in debt for their entire life based on a decision they made at an age too young to drink alcohol is somehow a way to educate young people on the consequences of loans and decision making?
Does a trillion dollar bailout teach bankers, students or any bailout group any lessons?
I'm actually no strictly suggesting school should be free, but rather the system should be changed such that future students won't have overwhelming debt and that current student debt is eliminated.
For example, lower income families who could not afford post secondary education and did not take out a loan to attend college and will not benefit at all.
The worst of the predicted effects were an increase in the deficit by 0.65% to 0.75% of GDP and a 0.3 to 0.5% increase in inflation.
It's not the art history majors we need to worry about, it's the guy whose taken into to algebra 11 times and failed the class 11 times and cannot pay for it (since he has no degree).
Do you have any statistics to support the notion that more people being educated in art would be bad for society?
Claiming that canceling student debt is unfair is also disregarding all the other countries in the world that already provide free education, which according to statistics, has brought about positive change.
Pure numbers.
I mentioned in another comment that
Stop infantilizing 1820 year olds
State colleges are typically not that bad, especially for people that have residency in the state.
First it was slavery and the similar, and now it's right and left wing politics.
It would certainly be less divided than the civil war and right now.
The transcript outlined the quid pro quo
If you would like to appeal, review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&subject=Rule+2+Appeal+Ugie175&message=Ugie175+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/euf8pp//ffql3ne/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted.
Should I use more obfuscated  language?
Like, he's the victim here, so he's obviously not a racist and that immigrants and minorities should team up with Trump against the "racist white males."
The House saw it fit to impeach, and I would argue that refusing to acknowledge half the legislative branch is a bad precedent for democracy.
Even then, if trump looses in November he will no longer be the head of the gop.
For example, if he was assassinated I'm pretty sure most Americans would unite in condemnation of the attack.
I prefer school choice then to public schools which are trash.
Not just because of crudeness, but because of criticality of things like the swamp and calling out mainstream media outlets.
Yeah you're too far left.
My point is that while Trump dying could divide America even more, it could also change nothing, or even improve the current situation.
Still, I think foreign policy's going to be a major lesson in history where people go, "Alright, this is how peace through strength was successfully implemented with Iran , this is how trade deals went from gimmes to foreign countries to twoway deals, this is how the things Americans assumed would never change were actually able to change."
Black liberals favor school choice over whites liberals and they do better exponentially more than public schools.
Just saying you have a gut feeling doesnt make it true, this is an abuse of the justice system to say the least.
I would claim that we are already divided to that extent at people are just weird about acknowledging it.
But it would be easy for them to get their votes; after all, many of these people had voted Democrat election after election until Trump came along.
The guy sucks and if you didn't fall for his rhetoric you'd be able to see it too.
They'd be safe from war, famine, civil war, division whatever exists outside their doors and past the secret service that will keep them safe.
In any event, "most divided it's ever been" is steep when one of those times literally ended with 620,000 dead Americans in the civil war.
Bigger than JFK.
Report other violations; do not retaliate.
The fact that the left would openly celebrate Trump's passing would, as the OP argues, divide us further.
Expected more meat and potatoes of that one.
Elected officials on the right were threatening [civil war](https://thehill.com/homenews/house/468419goplawmakerinvokescivilwarafterhousevotesontrumpimpeachment)
He addresses the hearsay defense at about the 5:40 mark.
We could be fighting in the streets, burning shit, but they'll be fine doing business as usual since they're kept safe from the rest of us.
Trump dying would create a power vacuum and completely disrupt the current situation.
There's a lot of success to look back on if you remove yourself from the us vs. them aspect of the times, and as long as that stays consistent, I think history will have too much that it has to overlook in order to paint his presidency as a netnegative.
Note I did not push for radios to play the 'ding dong the witch is dead' in memory of the deceasedthat should be like, what?
Adam Schiff's [closing remarks](https://youtu.be/ecpF26eMV3U) summarize it pretty well.
what qualities, of trump's conservativism, do you think the media will praise?
And those in the right would be called out for condoning a revisionist history of Trump's legacy.
You cannot correlate that with Trumps impeachment because all the physical evidence is out and shows absolutely nothing(Ukraine transcript).
Environmental issues, devoss in charge of education, nobody to control his temper, racist border policies, etc etc etc, he's a garbage father, a cheating husband to three different wines, with multiple reports of rape and way more sexual harassment and assault, including from a past wife, buddies with Epstein, he's paid off women in affairs multiple times, cheats on his taxes, steals from veteran's charities, defrauded people who attended his 'University'...
Then the cultural debate would spake over his legacy.
This is provenJust because he will be acquitted doesn't mean he wasn't guilty.
Imo it really would depend on how the parties decide to respond and could go either way.
Pretty smart.
When comparing him to history, we also cannot ignore that social media does change a lot.
We have incorporated many things around how our history has been set up.
Tying foreign aid, which benefits the US, in exchange for political favors, undermines the entire Democratic process.
This would be an especially likely development for the Democrats.
The behavior of the democrats for the past 3 years has resulted in a decreased credibility.
If Trump were actually innocent, wouldn't he be perfectly willing to consider all the evidence given, and come to a logical conclusion about the case, rather than immediately dismiss it?
Are you talking about the democrats?
Ah, sorry.
They'll have police, military, all institutions, whoever protecting them.
They would look downright hypocritical if they immediately went back on their comments.
That's a sacrifice i make continuously.
Being a parent is often considered an incredibly fulfilling endeavor, and many (maybe even most) parents consider raising their children to be their greatest accomplishment in life.
There are larger one too, but that's the first continuous ones that some to mind.
From what I've seen with friends and family, there's always compromises on both sides, high times and low times, but all of the people I try and surround myself with, have successful, happy relationships that influence and impact the life around them, with work, kids, family, etc.
I wanted to have a discussion with someone who supports the view I disagree with
I just don't see how a relationship is any less valid than a job, friendship or hobby.
What it DOES mean is that if my wife is injured and needs me to take care of her, that takes priority over work (I'll take time off work to take care of her).
Its not that it hasn't occurred to me, its that this post is the first time I've encountered the idea.
that's the only part of your view that I disagree with.
There are a few reasons for making a spouse the center of your life.
I suppose the main question comes in times of conflicting priorities: does having a higher priority mean that that person would follow that other priority at the expense of the relationship?
I don't think any one thing should be someone's focus in life.
I'm a normal 34 year old.
you probably do need to sacrifice continuously.
I'm married and know plenty of married people.
From what I have learnt from my experience, relationships should be like close friendships with the added 'benefits'.
In such situation, we advice them to not focus their whole lives around their friend or their work, whereas we celebrate it if people are so devoted, to the point of neglecting other things, to their relationships.
Secondly, who is celebrating devotion to the point of neglect?
There's nothing to stop this from happening with nonSO friends or with multiple people, in general, but people do have a limit to their time and energy, so providing constant consideration to many people can lead to its own complications.
Your title says that 'a relationship shouldn't be your main priority', but your text basically says 'a relationship shouldn't be your only priority'.
The second is that keeping the relationship healthy means taking care of your own needsincluding time spent with friends and on your hobbies, investing effort into your education and career and so on.
People in healthy relationships don't tend to post to internet advice columns seeking help or vindication.
The continuous sacrifice shouldn't be too large.
Yes, constant consideration for a spouse does require selfsacrifice, but in a healthy relationship that is a two way street.
And what to do if there are children involved?
In other words, maybe the whole reason making your relationship your priority is seen as admirable is precisely because it encourages you to focus on bettering yourself outside the relationship.
Sacrifice is putting someone else's needs above yours continuously, and those needs regard more serious issues.
But that doesn't mean there aren't caveats to that.
If I stop paying attention to my wife and she becomes last on my totem pole priorities, my marriage would suffer.
I don't really want to focus on divorce law, but in a very literal sense it is the answer to the question of "what happens if the person supporting you divorces you."
Nobody is on the other side of this issue.
Just because it hasn't occurred to you, doesn't mean it doesn't exist.
Well, that's not what it means.
For example my wife wants to have this stupid rubber mats in all our cabinets and i hate them.
The most important reason is tha focusing on one's spouse encourages you to live a more fullfilling life.
For anyone with a partner and family, there shouldn't be a higher priority than keeping those relationships healthy.
Whenever I go on Reddit, most of the relationshiprelated content is something along the lines of 'My SO is my life', 'I cannot imagine my life without my SO', 'My SO is my everything'.
I agree with you, but this answer supports my view rather than challenge it.
Then I probably was unlcear on what exactly you wanted changed.
Just like anything else, the more time and effort you put in, the more likely it is to succeed.
Most of the time, people sacrifice other aspects of their lives for a relationship because they have been taught, either by movies or others, to do so and that a relationship is worth being the center of one's life.
That's probably what you meant.
https://www.merriamwebster.com/dictionary/sacrifice
You were built to reproduce as many times as possible and make sure that your kids grow up to do the same.
Saying your friend is your life is a bit creepy, but I dont think saying your work is your life is frowned upon.
If you are in a relationship where you are doing this and the other is not, you are in an unhealthy relationship.
I mean, I feel that way about my SO, she means the world to me.
Who wouldn't, really?
I find this a very damaging way of living life.
I don't see putting some mats as sacrifice.
Whether or not the bride agrees is a different question and I'm certainly not arguing the guy in the AITA was an asshole.
And I say, if the woman in that AITA post would rather have a wedding dress she can be proud to be seen in than an extra thousand dollars to spend on the honeymoon, let her.
As for your other points, none of them (as retold by you here) disagree with your broad position.
You can formalize this in a simple model where the number of votes each option gets is equal to [importance to me]  [my voting power] + [importance to my partner]  [my partner's voting power].
Do you happen to have a link to that post?
the groomtobe should have some say as is the case with any large purchase.
Its not really a groom or husband's place to be telling his bride or wife how to dress."
Now if the bride and groom are champagne connoisseurs maybe that's reasonable, but I'd say for most people both partners would want a say in a decision like that.
So my preferred option gets more votes.
It's simply not true that this results in going with my partner's first choice every time or every time they don't let me do what I want, and you can plug numbers in and see that.
then 1. wouldn't be true and the individuals can spend their money however they want.
So, he contributed what he thought was a reasonable price for a new vacuum cleaner, and I paid the rest.
I think you should reread what I wrote.
I didn't address this but I guess like u/NicholasLeo said, the best option is just a clothing budget and that's jointly agreed on, and then as long as the bride goes within budget she has full say.
We each pay our own cell phone and transportation bills.
That's also why I'm just saying they have $20k total and it doesn't matter who put in what.
Another example would be if the couple has decided not to merge their finances.
I would need some citation or proof to believe that.
You're welcome to look through the comments for specifics, but there have been arguments that you shouldn't be allowed to tell the bride what to wear, arguments that there should be a specific clothing budget, etc.
With an extra dose of wellnigh abusive controlling behavior.
Frankly, I'd say the best thing for the bride in this case would be to skip the wedding so she doesn't have to get a divorce shortly thereafter.
The bride's family just gives them $20k and says whatever you don't spend on the wedding goes to you or the honeymoon.
You have to have a large enough inventory, and you have to spend several hours with each future bride for  one potential sale.
But there are a lot of nuances and details with this particular post and groom that make him a dick.
The bride's family says you have $20k budget and whatever you don't spend goes back to us.
Whether or not you should be able to tell your partner what you wear has little to do with joint decisions, because a joint decision isn't one partner telling the other what to do but rather both partners agreeing on something together.
If that's the case though, why focus on the wedding dress?
You went for percentages of money that would be adequate/ok given their financial situation.
Yeah so if you really want a house and she really doesn't you guys get the house...that seems like too much power to me.
ok yeah, I got you and your girlfriend's power swapped.
You just said that the person with less votes has too much power.
Take what I said except she wants the house.
I mean I think if you're coming into a marriage and your finances aren't linked the ultimate say should probably go to the person that is paying.
There's a "reasonable" amount of money for the wedding.
The clothing budget idea doesn't disagree with me, but it does change my view so I awarded a delta for it.
"  if one party or the other has a major problem that they shouldn't be getting married at all " sure, no dispute.
Not to mention feel uncomfortable on the day.
I barely have to think about it.
It would be covered if you made the broad point, so by making a narrow point and including that link I think you're inviting disagreement, as the link in question involves an undeniably controlling jackass.
A budget you both agree on is a joint decision, it's just a macro level decision instead of a micro level decision.
2.
Obviously everything needs to be worked out, but when my wife found her wedding dress (it was about $600, including alterations, if I remember correctly, and i think she got a $100 gift card towards the shoes), I didn't raise any objections.
In other words if you're a couple that's throwing an extravagant wedding with a bunch of people and you want everyone to look their best then it's completely reasonable to spend a lot on the wedding dress even if you'll wear it once.
The problem is that you don't get to see that dress.
If I decide I 'd like to  take up playing the piano again (as I did in my youth), I can buy an instrument with my own money.
If the groom not knowing anything about the dress is important, than that would be a value the couple shares.
I recently bought a Roomba i7+ for our new home.
\And a $1k wedding dress is more like a car than a candy bar.
Some of the comments were these sweeping comments like you see in the comments here.
And a $1k wedding dress is more like a car than a candy bar.
I'm good with substituting CPI for GDP, and all other ideas still stand.
Deartideadjustment", and was introduced in 1919 and suspended in 1983, and finally abolished in 1987.
Giving us an automatic raise followed by a paycut would have been the same financially but would have felt worse emotionally.
steadily increase, but wages are allowed to stagnate unless an employee is making minimum wage and there happens to be a legal minimum wage increase.
As a result, a large part of their revenue comes from a country growing at 67% instead of 12%.
When you are a massive multi billion dollar corporation, your employees are nothing but a number in a spreadsheetan "expense" that you try to reduce to as little as possible.
Mirroring Social Security's cost of living increases for everyone's wages would be beneficial as well.
If I don't like my wages, I either negotiate, add more value for compensation, or take my labor and skill elsewhere.
Without a mandated wage increase that matches GDP growth, people are unable to afford basic necessities (food, housing, utilities, clothing, etc.
And what about "undercover boss" type CEOs that really do care?
It's a difficult thing to do in a "free country" like the US.
If not, how is this fair to the employer?
We can't opt out of living in a society
Income is all relative
Someone with 8 kids living in San Francisco making $100K annually likely relies on that 23% wage increase to keep up with the increase in the cost of rent, food, and clothes.
You're suggesting that every single person making 100k/year should have their salary increased by 23% because of the incredibly small fraction of those people that need that money to pay for necessities?
That's it.
My company just did this and we are happier that there were no layoffs which we feared.
(Bonus points if I thrown in that I'm somehow miraculously paying $10/hr more than my competitors.)
And as the dollar loses value, so does any labor that fails to improve and adapt.
this would also encourage employers to not give other raises to control the total raise over time, and new employees would be hired in at lower wages and replaced when they get too expensive.
A mandatory wage increase would lead to unintended consequences, like like employers firing employees and rehiring a new ones at a lower wage, or more job reductions.
This is not true, unfortunately.
While the economy may be growing at 2 percent, it could well be that my employer is tanking.
Jobs exist to make the owners of the company money.
).
That's it, that's my policy.
Also, if your concern is to make sure people can afford basic necessities, then why require cost of living increases on people who are well paid as well?
And, of course, the problem might simply be that the industry is on the way out.
This was a lump sum calculated to make up the difference, but the under lying employment contract or collective bargaining agreement was unchanged.
Instead of taking advantage of global growth, conservatives prefer to put in "America First" policies.
You're imagining a scenario that doesn't necessarily mean anything.
Not the economy.
For example, conservatives put a ton of effort into saving fossil fuel jobs.
Not increasing someone's wages only happens in extenuating circumstances when the employee in underperforming, the employer is not able to afford it, or if a certain skill set becomes less valuable.
This gives all workers a paycut, making industry more competitive internationally, and spurs the economy.
But the majority aren't willing to move/change/adapt and they continue to make the same amount of money as they did the previous year.
How could that truly be determined?
Instead of seeing that corporations are way more efficient than small businesses and simply buying stocks (a $1 investment last year in the S&P 500 would be worth about $1.30 cents today), progressives complain that corporations are taking their jobs.
We can't opt out of living in a society where the cost of living (food, housing, utilities, clothing, etc.)
Not the max, but not the minimum either.
But it definitely shouldn't be mandatory or expected.
What if I'm a greedy stuck up arrogant jackass?
Does your view need to change to account for this problem?
But why?
Go check out Atlas Shrugged.
Today we have no such thing as inflation adjusted wages, and both inflation and unemployment has remained low for several decades (I am in Denmark)
Hey pays well enough though, and she doesn't mind the work, so she stays.
If you want to fix the wages in a particular industry, the best practice would be to study the industry, find out why the wages are awry in the first place, then address that issue specifically.
Businesses have an incentive to pay people a reasonable rate.
In addition it erases female and male spaces, which have utility and should exist.
Children do have some limited ability to consent to or refuse certain medical procedures.
I'm not arguing any of your points but do we define a Trans person as their preferred identity post op or pre op?
Should they be allowed to access their preferred gender spaces like restrooms, prisons and other private places before they even take the op or even appear to have made their transition with like hormones or clothing changes?
I never claimed that there is no difference between Sex and Gender.
Huh.
Restrooms yes, prisons no, private spaces depends on the exact space and the context.
Edit: As stated in the title I am not claiming that there is no difference between Gender and Sex.
Their gender does not align with their biological sex.
If it is taught in school (which it is in the UK) it often coincides with the public institution pushing questionable organizations like mermaids, who advocate hormone therapy for minors as well as other experimental procedures.
That is not the case.
Can you provide a source on the disproportionate number of trans women record holders?
There were zero trans women competing in the 2016 Olympics despite them being allowed to do so since like 2006.
I don't agree with children transitioning before puberty, "as only 6 to 23 percent of boys and 12 to 27 percent of girls treated in  gender clinics showed persistence of their gender dysphoria into  adulthood.
Of course they have an advantage prior to HRT, nobody credible seriously questions that.
Nobody is arguing that that arent, and if they do, they are wrong.
Female and Male prisons are separate for a reason, if this weren't so there would be a glaring problem with inmates that have committed sex crimes.
Parents and/or guardians are the arbiters of this decision, and I don't know of any professional who will start somebody on puberty blockers or medical transition without consulting both the parents and other experts.
However, in order to even have the discussion, there needs to be a way for people to separate the physical reality from the perceived internal understanding.
There are studies that show that after at least two years much of the advantage seems to disappear, which would explain why there isn't a glut of trans women breaking records or competing at high levels.
Regardless of your beliefs around whether gender and sex are the same thing (which they aren't), the surgery is good for the mental health of those to whom it is recommended.
What exists inside our minds is not always reflected by reality.
95% of the references I've heard to women's sports in general in the past year have been this topic.
WTF kind of Dale Gribble conspiracy theory shit is this?
That is why people who experience gender dysphoria feel wrong in their bodies.
Because people only commit sex crimes against members of the same gender?
I think a conservative approach is wiser, as we are dealing with irreversible castration.
That is the difference between "gender" and "sex," and you can't have a meaningful discussion on the subject without them.
We should do it for a decision as important as this too.
https://labmedicineblog.com/2018/12/10/labvaluechangesintransgenderfemales/
We should teach the distinction because it's accurate.
The question of whether an advantage persists after HRT, and if so for how long, is still being researched.
The separation between "gender" and "sex" is simply this same thing, but with relation to chromosomes.
If you acknowledge and agree with the distinction between sex and gender, why don't you want facts taught in schools?
Yeah, they are, but trans people should be allowed to go to a different prison once they've transitioned.
([https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25231780](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25231780))
For most contexts, pre op.
Though it's mainly up to the parentsWe should do it for a decision as important as this too.
There are plenty of nations that don't do this and don't have any more of a problem with it.
I hadn't heard of them before.
It only takes a few months of hormones to entirely reduce the difference between a cis woman and a trans woman.
It doesn't erase them, it's just that trans people should be able to use the space that corresponds to their gender identity.
This isn't entirely true.
In addition it erases female and male spaces, which have utility and should exist.Female and Male prisons are separate for a reason, if this weren't so there would be a glaring problem with inmates that have committed sex crimes.
This socalled "permanent castration" is recommended by the medical community because it reduces suicide risk and dysphoria among trans women.
Could you explain what effective research towards this conclusion WOULD look like?
I agree with the distinction, but I contest that they are not strongly correlated.
No its not.
Whether or not some advocacy groups take things to far is immaterial to that.
If you are not claiming that there is no difference, then what are you claiming?
If he was killed, he would become a martyr for more jokers.
https://www.bleedingcool.com/2013/08/17/whenbrianbollandrevealedwhathappenedbetweenbatmanandthejokerandthefullkillingjokescriptalanmoore/
You don't have to speculate about killing Joker, it's happened in a couple stories and you can see the effects.
The joker has killed too many people, shown too much contempt, and is too determined to be a villain forever.
Please note that a change of view doesn't necessarily mean a reversal, or that the conversation has ended.
The joker hasn't been killed because he sells comics.
The average man would have to admit they had done the very thing they criticised the Joker for doing, and would likely cause many people, possibly even Batman, to buy into the Joker's entire philosophy.
Even in the most pacifist of societies, likely one link in the chain would snap and one man would shoot him eventually.
It looks like I was pretty much right about what would happen.
Because your point is: Because of his morals, Batman doesn't kill the Joker, except that one time he did maybe kill the Joker, and even then it's his morals that kept him from killing the Joker before that point.
Our society has quite comfortably believed killing is wrong while also allowing for executions and celebrating returning soldiers.
Confirmed: 1 delta awarded to /u/IlluminatusUIUC ([54∆](/r/changemyview/wiki/user/IlluminatusUIUC)).
In America, they'd peacefully and painlessly execute him only after overwhelming evidence of mass murder.
Kingdom Come, Injustice, and the Arkham video game trilogy all explore this
This isn't a gamechanging idea on its own, but not only the joker believes this.
^[Delta System Explained](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/deltasystem) ^| ^[Deltaboards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/deltaboards)
The question wasn't "Oh no will Batman kill Joker?)
It worth noting that I'm mostly paying attention to the 'philosophical psychotic' joker in the 1989 novel the Killing Joke, Nolanverse Joker, and 2019's Joker.
Doesn't this make your view unchangable?
But Gotham and the Batman disagree.
Except, he has been killed...
Isn't a point of 'the Killing Joke' the ambiguous ending in which Batman may have killed Joker?
Instead, both The Killing Joke and The Dark Knight succeed by using BOTH the Joker AND Batman as symbols for opposing, equally untenable extremes, and the real story isn't about either of them but instead about the person caught in the middle (Gordon and TwoFace, respectively).
It seems like Batman kills the joker is a potential view but it's unclear from Moore's original script that it was intentional:
That's why the Joker is so determined to get the Batman to kill him, it would prove (in the Joker's mind) once and for all that Batman is just as cruel and evil as the Joker.
with utter chaos.
Comic companies need to sell.
On the other point:Even if he did, Batman still let the Joker commit many crimes before the Killing joke and my explanation above justifies that behaviour.
Oh crap, you're right!
I meant inuniverse.
In all honesty, this is kind of society is unrealistic.
If Batman were to finally kill the Joker, it wouldn't prove much of anything to most people in real life.
It seems like saying batman won't kill Joker because of his moral compass eliminates the ambiguity here.
Much in the same way the Joker dresses up as a clown that makes people happy when he usually just makes them sad or mad.
I would actually love to see a movie that deconstructed what Jokerfollowers are ACTUALLY ideological about instead of their feigned nihilism.
The reason the Joker is still alive after all these murders and escapes is because of his Nihilistic worldview.
The people who made 2019's Joker thought they were making that movie, but they were not.
/u/CaesarISaGod (OP) has awarded 1 delta(s) in this post.
All of Gotham believes this.
I flipped over to wikipedia to see (because that's not a terrible place to find a consensus view).
Or y'know, he hasn't been killed because he's the best thing about the entire Batman universe and DC knows it.
But that's not Gotham, and for all it's vice and sin and corruption, suppressing the very voice that tells them exactly what they wished wasn't true would be too much for them.
I thought the relative consensus was that he definitely Didn't kill the Joker.
All comments that earned deltas (from OP or other users) are listed [here](/r/DeltaLog/comments/eutykw/deltas_awarded_in_cmv_the_joker_hasnt_been_killed/), in /r/DeltaLog.
The Joker doesn't believe there is a good guy, anywhere, ever.
EDIT: I meant inuniverse.
Even if it could be proven the Joker is completely unreformable, the fact that his life has been saved so many times proves that his philosophy is more wrong than killing him would.
but instead "Oh no, how will this person deal with tragedy?"
The problem is, at its heart, "nothing means anything, maaannnnn" is not an interesting or deep philosophy to explore, and it gets pretty hard to explain why someone would be ideological about it (if nothing means anything, why does it matter that you believe nothing means anything?)
The difference is the Joker acknowledges reality and finds pleasure in others denial of it, and the cops and Batman live a lie, pretending that there's some sort of purpose in the universe, while usually being emotionally and physically tormented.
The Afghanistan war has been a complete failure and Canada is very lucky that we didn't join the illegal invasion of Iraq, as it would have put a target on our backs.
Likewise, and I generally doubt that if the president told us we didn't need to follow said rules, that the military would revert to medieval times and leave a wake of war crimes, rape, and pillaging in its path.
The Soviet Union was the bigger threat at the time.
The expansion West was to defeat France and the UK which were both opposed to it's objectives.
Canada fought because they were part of the Commonwealth.
This is the best way to CMV.
You don't think that letting terrorist groups thrive and take over countries would lead to more direct threats to North America?
But it really just comes down to protecting order.
What I don't understand is how fighting overseas has protected my freedom.
Additonally what I think would contribute to the continuation is the fact that Nazi Germany and the US' were complete opposites of each other when comes to their ideologies.
It kinda seems like you're arguing about military strategy and not the overarching necessity for the Nazi's to gain more power and territory.
As I mentioned the US is a powerhouse, industry and resources wise, if Germany would take the land they wanted the US' would still rival them powerwise, but that is of course up to debate.
Though sure you can always make the case for the morality of selfdefense, which is why violence often spirals out of control, because if you get rid of the flashpoint incident you always can frame it as selfdefense iteratively becoming worse as one usually strikes back harder in revenge or selfdefense as one was initially hit.
China now has mass concentration camps for Uighurs and is trying to suppress all personal freedoms in Hong Kong.
A Surprise attack ?
Iran doesn't exactly hate the US for no reason.
So how does it work in your mind?
Prior to overthrowing every single democratically elected leader in the region, creating failed states, and the conditions for terrorism to grow, there was no middle eastern threat to the US.
I have a great amount of respect for the military but the difference between an American soldier, a Chinese soldier or an Isis fighter is 95% political leadership.
Why do you think that is?
In this case itsWhat if Germany was successful in its after France operations ?
But that world order is slowly dissolving.
What if they achieve victory in the Pacific but are not so successful in the Europe ?
Leading up to the war, true.
And that wasn't even with any actual attack on the US to rile people up.
What do you do to stop the cycle?
You may not agree with that path, but it's none of our god damn business.
Im asking since these events and their success and casualties could effect the overall morale of the US' population and their War enthusiasm.
Firstly, I live in Canada, and I am well aware how lucky I am to live in a nation that hasn't had a war on it's own soil since the 1800s.
A draft would have certainly caused great political upheaval.
I agree with the OP because of this perception that the military are heroes that are the guardians of your way of life whilst politicians, who actually are responsible for your freedom, are treated with contempt.
If the American political system was authoritarian then the military would protect that as well.
It also depends on how you imagine the War is going.
OP says they're not.
However, my point through all of this is not that the military is something to be ashamed of or is morally flawed, just as it's not the paragon of virtue that it is often portrayed as.
All comments that earned deltas (from OP or other users) are listed [here](/r/DeltaLog/comments/eucc1h/deltas_awarded_in_cmv_the_military_doesnt_fight/), in /r/DeltaLog.
American interventionism has had a huge (and definitely not exclusively positive) influence on the world.
So because a great power hasn't fought (directly) the huge death counts in global conflicts don't count?
It also seems we have different ideas of the state of the world and american mindset.
Of course world is still devided between East and West in many ways but they are no longer on the opposite of the political compass.
The strength of the military is obviously important to the freedom of the country.
Bush had to tell his story about WMDs for that.
If Canada and the other commonwealth countries hadn't helped out, Canada could be under Nazi control.
Prior to US/UK involvement in Iran in the 1950s, there was no iranian threat.
Don't believe me?
"You think Cold War would remain cold without nukes ?" If both sides didn't have nukes then maybe but that's hypothetical.
There has not been a major war between worlds great powers ever since the end of WW2 because of the existence of nuclear weapons.
Sure, there are bad apples in every organization, but how often do you see US/Chinese soldiers beheading prisoners on video?
Please note that a change of view doesn't necessarily mean a reversal, or that the conversation has ended.
"As far as I am aware, no one is coming to take my freedom"...yes, because we're killing them over there.
In Texas, where I live, you can have an abortion up to 20 weeks, after the baby has formed and weighs about 10 ounces.
The history of Christianity is, for the most, part a blood soaked horror show and is largely irrelevant to the discussion as women's rights don't really become a thing unroll the mid 19th centuary.
It can't be just because of the location of the baby, you can kill it, at least imo.
We had to repackage diaper and wipes and other things to make sure the people who needed it were the ones actually getting it.
So we agree.
Your post's topic seems to be fairly common on this subreddit.
&#x200B;It absolutely is.
Isn't that the whole point… It's an accident lol.
Is anything wrong about that statement?
Do you not agree?
she shall be called 'woman,'
&#x200B;it's pretty sad that we treat our unborn children like animals because it's considered "part of us"
If a woman gives their child they cant afford up for adoption, fir which there is a 5 to 10 year waiting list,  all these issues you speak of are already covered.
So it is being passed through the body and being physically independent of someone else?
Sometimes use and always use are not the same thing.
Can we agree on one point?
It is a human organism, no matter which way you cut it.
We have totally destroyed the faith of men in women and women in men where we can no longer work together.
But that makes it a person correct?
Well yes, humans actually are allowed to kill dogs.
When you want to get something done you don't just blurt it out and hope everyone as individuals gets it done.
For the record I don't disagree with you.
It absolutely is.
Never use birth control, sometimes use it and always use it.
Note: Your thread has not been removed.
It is about controlling women.
It's not the most effective method, but it can work if used correctly.
The fact that most of the anti choice movement opposes comprehensive sex ed and increased access to contraceptives, things that are proven to significantly reduce abortion rates and the most effective way to reduce abortion, shows that they don't actually care about the fetuses.
I don't kill humans every day.
Bought by husbands and sold by fathers?
You advocated for a more traditional family structure which, even in the western world, leaves women as property to one degree or another untill the mid 19th century given the limitations on their owning their own property.
Your original post read very much as if you did but good.
Of those who had used condoms at some point during the month half used them inconsistently and 3/4 of those on the pill used the inconsistently.
But understand what is being said here; weaving a myth to try and unite men and women.
The reason we dont take organs from corpses is not bodily autonomy, it is because the wishes of the deceased's loved ones.
"This is now bone of my bones
The interesting part, at least to me, is I used to be pro choice.
We need a better system in place to make sure that all of them have access to health care.
If you wanna talk about rape cases and spontaneous pregnancy, I'll humor you.
Why does it even matter whether they used contraception or not?
I can't imagine it failing but I don't know how it actually shakes out.
Phallus?
They were using contraceptives, they just were using them inconsistently.
They also provide help arranging adoption to prevent abortions.
Whether they should be worried is debatable, but maligning their intentions is gross.
I'm telling you what your study represents.
And women were the property of the men?
The more accurate thing to say is over 75% of those who got an abortion practiced unsafe sex during the month they got pregnant.
The same can be said with ownership of any property.
u/ialwayshatedreddit – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 2:Don't be rude or hostile to other users.
This delta has been rejected.
Δ Thanks for the link, it was helpful!
Google SHC .. and look up the case of Robert Francis Bailey.
Here are some other "scientific articles" published at the same level the one you linked:
What would change your view on this?
it's one that was witnessed
All I said was that it was technically possible.
The length of your comment suggests that you haven't properly explained how /u/blk_sabbath changed your view (comment rule 4).
Like a paper published in a peerreviewed journal?
I feel kind of bummed out because like I said this phenomenon fascinated me (morbid I know) and I want it to be a real thing.
You're welcome!
you know how cops take a breathalyzer?
Regardless, it is a fascinating and morbid concept.
All comments that earned deltas (from OP or other users) are listed [here](/r/DeltaLog/comments/euk62e/deltas_awarded_in_cmv_your_gut_cant_randomly/), in /r/DeltaLog.
yup
They also say that there is not enough oxygen in the gut to sustain a flame, and it would go out as soon as it forms, so there would be no explosion per se.
Thank you!
Please note that a change of view doesn't necessarily mean a reversal, or that the conversation has ended.
Posting longer version because of the bot so you can get your delta, lol
Pretty much all the eye witness cases involve a flame bursting from the gut area.
It's technically possible, but scientific evidence says otherwise.
That's because you breathe out alcohol when you are drunk.
It makes the world/human body slightly less boring to me.
[source](https://www.history.com/news/isspontaneoushumancombustionreal)
it comes from alcohol, which is secreted through the the breath most strongly, but also the skin.
I've learned about spontaneous combustion as a student of the Victorian period, and there are definitely ways that people can randomly catch fire and die that have nothing to do with smoking cigarettes or the amount of oxygen in the body, but I want to know if you actually want the mystery solved or not
(like tissues, muscles, etc).
Not that it had actually happened.
My first Reddit award.
Do you have any source with more scientific respect?
Seems to make sense as it's pretty much the only part of the body that has flammable gasses and isn't soaked in water.
your lungs (and through your lungs, your blood) do a huge amount of work to process alcohol, which is extremely flammable.
[https://www.history.com/news/hangar18ufosalienswrightpatterson](https://www.history.com/news/hangar18ufosalienswrightpatterson)
I mean I don't want it to be non spontaneous and non internal.
[https://www.history.com/news/skinwalkerranchparanormalufosmutilation](https://www.history.com/news/skinwalkerranchparanormalufosmutilation)
I remember being fascinated with this as a kid and I want to believe.
!
Wtf, I've never heard this before.
Like I said, that article says to me it's as much as technically possible as aliens building the piramids.
I want evidence your gut could spontaneously combust and set your body on fire even if you were say, lying in bed naked with no clothes, no static electricity, no ignition sources nearby, no cigarettes, etc.
it's actually unlikely that much alcohol would make it to your gut and be digested the way solids are, since it's absorbed into your bloodstream way before that.
[https://www.history.com/news/ufosaliensanimalhumanmutilationlovettecunningham](https://www.history.com/news/ufosaliensanimalhumanmutilationlovettecunningham)
&#x200B;
I see.
I'm interested either way.
Yes, we are in agreement.
Apparently it's possible if the person is an alcoholic or has diabetes.
why the gut, specifically?
[deleted]
DeltaBot is able to rescan edited comments.
Who would you hire?
All comments that earned deltas (from OP or other users) are listed [here](/r/DeltaLog/comments/euteaz/deltas_awarded_in_cmv_women_cannot_perform_as/), in /r/DeltaLog.
Why doesn't she deserve to get the job purely based on whether or not she has a penis?
If these are your views, then it is likely that no one will disagree.
Some women are simply stronger, more agile, and more coordinated than some men.
And it turned out that a woman with a forklift is just as strong as a man with a forklift.
It's kind of a loophole if you want to take it that way.
And black men TEND to be better at basketball than white men.
Please note that a change of view doesn't necessarily mean a reversal, or that the conversation has ended.
I'm not going to get into the differences and list jobs women might be better suited for, but just pointing out there are certainly physical jobs where the physical requirements are easily met by both genders.
Confirmed: 1 delta awarded to /u/twig_and_berries_ ([4∆](/r/changemyview/wiki/user/twig_and_berries_)).
Professional athletes should be compared to other professional athletes.
Small women frequently performed better than large men.
Gender shouldn't matter but it does.
Those were most of the cases.
That doesn't mean I'm only going to recruit black guys.
But there are plenty of women who are just as capable, of not more capable of physically demanding tasks than droves of men who are lazy, physically weak, or who have some other sort of physical ailment or limitation.
Most women would be excluded simply because they don't have the physical strength to do the job, but the select few that could do it shouldn't be excluded purely based on their gender.
I worked in a building material store for 14 years.
Men won't have an advantage at many forms of physical labor.
I'm a man and pretty fit, but female college or professional athletes would likely run circles around me in a variety of physical tasks.
Men, unlike women, are conditioned from a very young age to engage in physical, strength building exercises and activities.
Housekeepers are doing physical labor, and they are mostly women.
not true i  was a scrawny sick kid growing up who was frequently in the er  than i hit 1516 and i started putting on weight for no real reason and was pretty big by 18 sexual dimorphism exists for a reason.
I worked fast food in high school and I definitely needed to either ask a guy for help or get another girl to team life the lemonade with me, but I was really good (better than a lot of the male employees) at being peppy when taking orders and chatting with customers, at multitasking when we were at peak hours, and at detailing the lobby for things that didn't regularly get cleaned by other employees.
Notice the word I highlighted there.
"Forced diversity" does not exist buddy.
But any healthy women can become as strong as the average man, so any women could perform just as well as men in general.
I agree they're capable in other areas, but that's not what I'm trying to change my view on.
Good comment.
AW is certainly better in other scenarios.
Nurses are doing basically parts of a doctor's job, (who are mostly men), but combined with also doing the physical labor around patients.
Then when you start to look at the fact that women are better at some skills like multitasking, on average they'd be preferable to a man for the same job.
You hire the best person regardless, because statistics do not make assertions about individual cases.
This method also excludes very weak men that wouldn't be able to do the job.
While obviously there is a difference between male and female upper body strength, the reality is that most jobs that have been female majority for historical reasons, have found ways to divide tasks and to design required tools in a way that fit the average women too, while many jobs that were traditionally male, didn't.
Women are often not conditioned in this same way and many develop a sense of learned helplessness in these situations.
If you are saying anything more—like that because of these facts we should discriminate between men and women in hiring rather than simply looking at them as individuals—then we will disagree.
Why does this need to be about gender?
"Strong women are more physically capable than...lazy, weak, disabled men" doesn't say much, but I think I see your point.
I agree, I wasn't thinking too much about other physically demanding tasks apart from the ones mentioned.
It's very physically demanding, but bulk and strength won't help.
What are you asking us to change your view on?
Confirmed: 1 delta awarded to /u/zobotsHS ([24∆](/r/changemyview/wiki/user/zobotsHS)).
The overgeneralization of your position has been adequately covered, I think, so I'll look at the "asking for help" part.
If the job involves occasional, brief, highintensity pain stimuli, then AW is back at the top due to women's higher than average paintolerance compared to men.
Edit: punctuation
No.
The men and women working likely have the same knowledge of the task, yet one performs it at 2x the speed.
For example, about 12 litres of tea/lemonade.
But large banks, sovereign wealth funds and central banks might be using computers to keep everything going up.
economic growth is growth in the rate at which you make stuff.
but after 10 years i have 10 houses.
There are various reasons to believe the US is due for a pretty good recession.
For example, the marginal tax rate for individuals and corporations have been tinkered with by Congress several times.
That was how the very fastest, highest risk trades happened.
Especially with interbank lending rates so low, the large players might be able to push back even a few days of really bad losses to prevent a real 'collapse.'
In a few months people forget about the grandmas dying and company A releases a new quarterly report which looks great.
The issue is not that there is just more money, but that banks can cycle through trading at breakneck speed.
You can't see everything, but they're burning CPU power on every trade looking for value.
It will remain sustainable until there is no more wealth to be extracted.
2) There are the Fed banks, large mutual/pension funds, sovereign wealth funds and the larger banking system which have a number of macroand microeconomic interventions to prevent outright collapse and buoy up the market.
the stock market isn't just growth of GDP, it reflects the accumulation of gross domestic product.
That might now sound like a lot, but compounded over 40 years, it is a lot.
But negative rates, while possible are a bad idea and unlikely to be continued as a permanent policy.
How do you think electricity or the telephone affected economic growth?
Liquidity verses volume (which is the number of trades that day).
Looking at both the budget deficit and the national debt (I am referring  the US), the takeoff on the market coincides with that.
There are asteroids near enough that have more gold than the earth.
Is your hypothesis that increases in market values beyond what is explainable by economic growth are due to a purposeful transfer of value from one group to another?
No one human knows how to make a MacBook.
So another shift on the scale of the industrial revolution.
But it hasn't.
This of course says nothing for a 'black swan' (a very rare) event, like 2008.
the Greenspan Put as a permanent policy) but that the increase in money from central banks globally has increased over this era.
Any 3 year old can use an iPad, but it's extremely difficult to make a computer so easy to use that a 3 year old can do it.
This creates the rest of the stock market growth.
It takes a coordinated team of well educated humans to pull this off.
It's not economics anymore; it's the much less theoretical world of finance.
How does the prospect of continued highspeed trading relate to continued like advances in market growth?
We've got 2 more internet sized revolutions coming in the next couple of decades.
For any large company that loses ~5% or more in a day buy $1000 of their stock.
Before, a farmer could grow 1 unit of food on 1 acre of land.
There are many times fewer 'flash crashes' (where algo trading tanks a stock price in seconds) than there were even a few years ago.
Also, most retirement planners do advise you to be conservative and not use the past 20 years as a guide and build in some safety cushion but, at some point, there is only so much you can do.
Everything is done by computers.
I don't understand.
Some huge brokerage.
Large successful corporations are the organization patterns we see today.
Normal people and day traders start selling their stock because of news reports that their widgets killed grandmas.
Who buys the actual shares which go into the market?
That has always been the case.
All humans can be farmers.
But unless opinion and policy continue to change to be even more procorporate there will not be corporate profits expanding at a rate faster than productivity growth.
The only issue is that while some farmers have adopted all the tools, most people aren't using them yet.
likewise the total value of all goods in America grows faster then the rate at which GPD grow.
It makes money and those computerized trades are pushing the market up.
The prevailing approach to investing in the stock market in the US is that while performance of the market in a given year is variable, taking average performance over a period of time is a reasonable predictor of future performance.
1982 till now, you're getting like 9% where the average is only 7%.
The person who invents the robot is going to become extremely rich.
Correct.
But perhaps you have a better example?
We don't take runs we can't do, and after getting ignored by Uber/Lyft for hours and canceled on by the local competition, people start to call us back because we have the integrity to decline during your call, and they just want a sure ride since they are already late.
Do you have proof of that?
Lol, small business owners often have the same mentality, so your assumption isn't exactly correct.
I'm not saying all cashiers are like this but it feels like there is an overall lack of respect and manners.
Therefore they're less likely to dismiss their criticism
With a customer service focus that could be described as "I am right and you are wrong and that is the door right there".
What evidence is there?
In a good world your statement would be true, as we do indeed have unique talents and strengths.
Unfortunately, the political rhetoric of "pull yourself by your bootstraps" has perversed our society.
Unfortunately, companies (and customers) have taken it as being "always right, period", which means companies overplacate at the cost of their employees.
Obviously have to do it in a respectful way, but no i won't let you withdrawal from an account with no ID.
The big problem would be a lack of financial education, which has an easy fix.
The cost you can end up with from dings or whatever when you go to turn it in.
This is false.
I thought that for a long time as well.
Honestly, I cannot think of a single field that particularly values a communications degree over any other liberal arts or humanities degree.
Arguably it's a flaw of capitalism if it creates incentives for the assholes to get big and exist.
I wait tables.
Grew up in my family's small retail shoe business (men's, women's, children's, dress, school shoes, ect.).
Oh.
Just think how businesses fall and rise in such speed, this just showcases that businesses are fighting to get our dollar and how much choices we have.
Everybody is wrong most of the time, but the one giving you their money is making it all possible.
u/DoWahDiddyDiddyDum – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 2:Don't be rude or hostile to other users.
Yeah.
[This video](https://www.kantola.com/CustomerServiceCountsPDPD442K.aspx) starts with the bad examples.
So the issue with your statement is the if part.
Like the majority of the human race, I can do those tasks and have.
Why is this getting deltas?
Yet you just claimed using drugs is a bad decision, and didn't answer my question.
There are plenty of factories that failed trying to change to the new way of expendability.
Depends on the industry and type of business.
Or maybe they'll complain at their church group and before you know it you've got a quarter of the town deciding to shop elsewhere because a couple of people far too trusting took their word for it.
Their repeat business will more than offset one shit human
Companies in the 90s weren't competing with amazon.
They are considered extremely replaceable, their performance quality is undervalued, and in most business cultures retail workers are considered deserving of very, very little.
There have been studies performed on the effects of the "customer is always right" mantra that some businesses project.
and the absolutely Classic "Yes, shocking information".
There are a lot of reasons.
The business is paying you the minimum amount they HAVE to pay you by law
I'm saying that paying more for particular skills would promote employee retention in a way that improves bottom lines by small but noticable amounts.
Coffee is more harmful than any classical psychedelic.
Containers of cremated human remains and transplant organs appeared every week I worked on the line.
You take care of workers, they will take care of your business.
Hundreds of dollars a week, for months.
If that's the path our society chooses, we need to apply more effort into doing that correctly, for the greatest overall gains.
Not related to this original posts, but why is leasing a car usually a bad idea?
The problem here is that you are using this phrase incorrectly.
Of course, "always right" is a stretchsome customers are just total assholes.
Windows is a bit different.
Because this EOL is so artificial they probably should be entitled to a refund because the company is forcefully causing EOL instead of it happening naturally.
What's your point though?
A year maybe?
This EOL is 100% artificial and arbitrary.
I don't think anyone would have trouble finding that illegal.
In most cases, customers are not legally entitled to refunds in these cases unless it is determined that customers had been led to believe that it would be supported longer.
Last month?
Windows 7 can still be upgraded [for free](https://www.zdnet.com/article/hereshowyoucanstillgetafreewindows10upgrade/) to Windows 10.
For RL specifically, only 0.3% (or 3%, depending on who you ask) of the userbase is losing support.
And why should an EOL being artificial make a difference?
Maintaining functionality on the business end has long been a provision of contract law.
Epic's actions support the idea that software EOL is grounds for a full refund, which would be severely detrimental to many developers, and encourages customers to buy without considering the future of what they're purchasing.
I have to say the online is the main aspect.
Think someone with an iPhone 6, finally upgrades today and they go with the iPhone 8.
You bought it for various features, but mainly the fact that it is controlled by your iPhone through your HomeKit setup.
Losing support for online for a product really really sucks, especially for an ESPORTS GAME, because almost all of rocket league is based off of online.
Because this EOL is so artificial
Confirmed: 1 delta awarded to /u/ralphj ([252∆](/r/changemyview/wiki/user/ralphj)).
I don't believe there should be any difference.
I'm here to discuss solely software, not physical items.
Stricly speaking, everyone that has a legal department knows that this is not true.
At the very least, people who bought recently (based on that promise), ought to get a full refund.
Assuming of course that it was in honest ignorance, but there's no way to solve that.
https://www.forbes.com/sites/gordonkelly/2015/08/02/windows10vswindows8vswindows7whatsthedifference/
I just did a 710 update on a PC ike a month back for free.
Companies don't want a judge to get involved and start ruling that the agreements mean less and less.
You are correct, and given the recent animosity towards Epic, one can see why they'd want to offer refunds.
At any rate, there's a line in the sand over when the refund is appropriate.
This is in response to the [announcement](https://www.rocketleague.com/news/endingsupportformacandlinux/) that Epic Games is dropping Mac/Linux support in an upcoming patch for Rocket League.
Imagine you buy a fancy electronic lawnmower for $2,000.
However, if the online service is the vast majority of the point, then you will be incorrect, the service is implied.
I mean yeah but it's still a shitty thing to do, and I don't think that's the main point of the games, a large portion of Fall flat is local multiplayer
A reputation for bad support can reduce the value (real or perceived) of all future products.
All comments that earned deltas (from OP or other users) are listed [here](/r/DeltaLog/comments/eutex5/deltas_awarded_in_cmv_end_of_support_for_software/), in /r/DeltaLog.
I think that's a reasonable expectation, and I'm sure Apple and Google are very aware of it, and let it influence their decision making.
If you buy software that is specifically designed to be used online, and then online functionality ends, what are you supposed to do?
Last year?
In this particular case, the EOL was announced 2 months in advance.
My answer is that the manufacturer is the best party to decide that, lest it go to the courts and risk being a crazy answer.
The players may not expect that, but who among us can say they've thoroughly played every one of their Steam titles?
12 years of normal software updates that down slow down your phone enough to notice, and a year of gradual performance loss as the software is just too new, and your phone wasn't built to run on the newer software so it begins to struggle to keep up.
We're already up to the 11's, and the newest software runs great on the newest phones, but now iPhone 8's are showing signs of struggling already with that 2 year gap, and you buy that iPhone 8 going into the last year of the 3 year upgrade plan I mentioned, dealing with gradual decline in performance.
The OS is different than a game by a mile because you are still actually able to use the product whereas RL is totally killed and unusable for a portion of its userbase.
No customer paid for continuous support ad infinitum for the product, yet they act like they're entitled to it.
Consumers aren't always warned, or when they are, it's sometimes too late.
Rocket League, the object of this thread, is a primarily online service.
Some things are implied when it comes to cellphones and your service through a general phone carrier.
They just won't be fixing bugs anymore?
Acknowledging someone else's actions isn't an opinion.
Correct for the fact that people over 65 have more expensive health problems and you still get a ridiculous number of over 2 trillion dollars per year.
Preventive care is cheaper and leads to better health outcomes.
The percentage gets higher for more wealthy individuals, obviously).
Your suggestion that we could just have emergency care provided by a single payer system is unworkable and would make our system more expensive.
This would be the most expensive way to do health care.
Do you have an argument for why that matters so much?
If you look at the cost of Medicare currently and then extrapolate it to cover the rest of the population, you would have to increase taxes to a point where private insurance premiums are cheaper anyway.
The federal deficit is already 1 trillion.
One is that people could have a greater freedom to not pay for insurance if they think, based on their health, that the premiums over time will be more expensive than the actual preventative/regular health work that they are likely to require.
Since the government would be paying for it, the risk is not on the consumer or the insurance company.
2) We already cover emergency hospitalizations.
Inexpensive is a relative term.
That kind of thing.
Through 20 some years the system changed to the current provincial block funding model.
They don't have the leverage to compete, because of the lack of liquidity that the current calculation provides their business.
Funding hospital care only is an issue because it creates an incentive to get care in a hospital setting which is much more expensive than in an outpatient setting.
That's the only fear of healthy people.
That's what happens when you take the massive, immediate, financial risk out of requiring hospitalization.
I do think the biggest buckets you could shave cost from are 'optional' treatments (stuff like nonemergency joint replacements) and endoflife care (prioritize comfort over life extension for the very elderly).
If anything we should cover preventive care.
Every study of it including the high end studies show that it would save money relative to our current system.
Obviously, with chronic conditions, it's a different story.
Paying for that much of an increase in taxes would amount to everyone in the country paying roughly 15 percent flat higher taxes.
That's why the 4 year mark is critical.
Plus, having medical conditions sucks and you would definitely want to be rid of that discomfort wherever possible.
And people are priced out of good health insurance because of this.
The cost of which travels through to insurance.
Yes, but they did so over the course of several decades.
This would also hugely skyrocket premiums for more sick people since the healthy people wouldn't be paying anything into the pool anymore.
I like this idea, but it doesn't accomplish anything.
Once you are sick or need the hospital the cost goes up and often the problem is harder to solve.
The US currently spends $3.4 trillion a year on healthcare.
Hospital care generally would not be covered by that system, but it would make it easier and cheaper for private insurance companies to cover it.
CMV!
4) Several studies show that the only reason for our high prices in healthcare in the US is because the companies can get away with it.
3) Making primary care universal actually improves hospital services all on its own without changing hospitals in the slightest.
But for now, the arena is such that people are forced to pay for insurance, not because of the cost of preventative care, but because of the unforseen costs of having to be hospitalized for emergency care.
Practically every single other advanced economy has solved it with universal coverage already (without going bankrupt), and with generally much greater efficiency for each dollar spent in terms of health outcomes.
It makes them more expensive because people use it for basic services they can't afford, and that also makes those services less available to those that actually need them.
That basically just results in the combination of employees and their employers paying somewhat less money than they currently spend on their healthcare to the government instead of to an insurance company.
Medicaid is supposed to cover low income Americans and yet still 45,000 people per year die because they were priced out of the system.
3.
Hospitalization and emergency work is the only major reason why people feel they have to have insurance.
Private insurance on top of that could cover optional / cosmetic / etc.
The only reason why people are forced to buy insurance is because of the "what if?".
This change will be rushed down from the political arena with all of the care of a sledgehammer at a time when the economy is at a struggling point.
Especially as someone whose jobs have never offered health insurance, I don't personally see the issue with an implementation in 4 years.
Your probably don't want to financially disincentivize vaccines and put the load into ER's when at risk populations get pneumonia at flu season.
The several studies I've seen relate costs to research, development and marketing of the equipment that's bought by hospitals.
At the federal level, if we publicly fund hospitalization then it will be significantly cheaper than covering everyone for everything and it would still achieve close to the same objective.
After how SARS spread so rapidly in East Asia and other parts of the world, it became a defining part of the 2000's the same way 9/11 was a part of the USA 2000's.
Because you never know when it's going to be a big one.
Arguments in favor of the view OP is willing to change must be restricted to replies to other comments.
Now I want to point out that the case fatality rate for this new virus is much higher.
^[Delta System Explained](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/deltasystem) ^| ^[Deltaboards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/deltaboards)
It is the fact that a lot of these factors are a huge unknown that we need to act with caution.
It appears that something worse than the flu could indeed happen in modern times.
But it is an unknown.
Literally all of those were made less severe because people worried about them and enacted policies to prevent them from spreading
15% infected, not killed.
if every person who catches it dies in 24 hours, but there's like a 0.0001% chance that you'll catch it from someone you've been in contact with, then who cares?
Finally, we have the HIV pandemic, which has a current death toll of around 36 million, making it one of the single most deadly disease outbreaks in human history.
To claim that nothing matters and there is nothing to worry about unless it affects American lives strikes me as callous at best...
If you would like to appeal, review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&subject=Rule+5+Appeal+BobTheGreat42&message=BobTheGreat42+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://old.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/eudwl0//ffof27d/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted.
Source?
This is that.
The Spanish flu.
I think you down play the ability of these viruses to mutate into something much worse.
It could easily mutate to become more virulent.
Please have a delta: Δ.
The public awareness and intergovernmental activity that has happened when one of these scares arise also allows for the practice and preparedness for when a real epidemic occurs.
CMV.
[Federal officials plan to expand screenings for the infection at major airports](https://externalpreview.redd.it/pw1ndP9T0PWBCrMFudZIokpsj30r1Eckx4UO40qlFMs.jpg?auto=webp&s=1988ffe7557ad385397a74917f9856e7848181f4).
3) Medical personnel are getting sick alarmingly fast in Wuhan
HxNx is just a naming scheme with some protein.
So I'd say that's very dangerous.
We've been doing just fine in the last 50 years and it's highly unlikely that a virus could threaten us today.
Long incubation period
Can it be tranmitted in the incubation and nonsymptomatic phase of infection?
If a disease like the flu were to mutate to be more deadly and at the same time mutate to have a longer incubation period
We don't know the current death rate.
And seemingly out of nowhere the whole continent was getting sick.
1) The realized death tolls you see are the result of all of the containment efforts.
China is so worried they quarantined a city.
It was killing people .
I said no one should worry, including the Chinese.
The conditions are as follows:
Although yes, the old and already sick are the ones that are dying, that does not mean healthy people aren't at risk.
Sorry, u/BobTheGreat42 – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 5:Comments must contribute meaningfully to the conversation.
It has an infection rate almost double the normal flu as well.
The fact that something is a particular HxNy is only part of the equation (I always understood that it was a small part).
Which is why we need to be worried abt the Wuhan virus doing it again.
East asian origin (on account of their meat markets being hotbeds for disease and their companies exporting worldwide)
Next, nobody is saying that Coronavirus will 100% be a pandemic.
So it's not a tiny death toll annually compared to the flu.
This one seems to be transmitted through ariborne dropletscoughing if you will as well as by contact.
I thought there were something like 45 deaths so far?
4) Average people have died from MERScoronavirus.
People are most contagious when they are sick and in hospitals.
And from SARS we can see why the world is so worried, as the Wuhan virus seems to be following in the steps of SARS down to the dot.
