$300/week at 20 hours/week implies you're making over twice the federal minimum wage right now and around as much as I believe Bernie's looking to raise the minimum to.
5.
Okay but shouldn't the minimum wage at least rise with inflation!
Since when do presidents double as investigators?
>For instance, Trump's implausible claim that he withheld the aid from Ukraine because he suspected Zelensky was corrupt.
So there was *importance* but not *urgency* to getting this work done.
It should be a crime, or you simply don't have an opinion on it?
In my opinion.
As electric cars become more and more prominent, there will be more and more companies taking an interest in innovating in that market space, and eventually their environmental impact will be less and less.
A lot of your concerns, however, aren't really accurate to how polling works.
First, they question Trump's claim that he cared about corruption in Ukraine.
> Like witcher series in Netflix, like black Little Mermaid
The guy doesn't have experience in any of those things and has shown to not be able to handle these things.
Looking at your point on unintended consequences- you seem to be assuming that all such consequences would be known in advance.
When you are driving, you need to be alert and be aware that you are operating a piece of machinery that has the potential to kill people.
Seriously, just watch this: [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hwMPFDqyfrA](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hwMPFDqyfrA)
illegally importing things restricted by customs) is an 'act of God' - that is, factors have to be demonstrably unpredictable and seriously out of your control.
stop the BS, i don't have anything against any race, but they put them everywhere even when it doesn't make sense at all like in the witcher, the tv show viking was accused of being racist because there was no black in it, like wtf blacks amongs vikings ?
If we punish adults in the same was a children, then it becomes hilariously easy for terrible people to get away with their crimes, because all they have to do is not have any evidence proving they intended to be harmful.
In addition to the quality response you've already received I'd just like to point out that some pollsters are simply better than others.
No-one has said this before, so I fear it may be more of a local law terminology and called something else in other countries - but here in Australia, we have **Absolute Liability** and **Strict Liability** offences.
Polls that are reliably closer to actual results and implement transparent methodologies can generally be trusted.
Because many writers care about social justice issues and their art is often inspired by that.
Otherwise, we end up in a situation of putting people in jail for years for a single DUI, or if that's too severe, hardly punishing people who kill, and leaving dangerously reckless people on the streets.
That is exactly why you're wrong - you are asserting that the use of insulting words is somehow factual and useful.
Not an act of murder, my foot just missed the brake.
Insults are bad because the *undermine the thing you're trying to say*.
Which of those purposes is better served by calling a stupid person stupid?
For example, a sock fell in this hard to reach spot once.
It happens, but incredibly rarely.
How could you possibly know they are stupid as a 100% truth?
I see two compelling arguments against such geoengineering.
Since you're familiar with the law school lesson on circumstantial evidence, I assume you're also familiar with the fact that you can't use the fact that defendants are using procedural roadblocks as evidence of their guilt (or evidence at all).
Procedural roadblocks, no.
The trade off was that the man had to risk his life and physical safety and become cut off from himself but he had authority and respect from his wife and children.
I don't think people are really thinking about their criminal liability in the rare case that they get in a fatal accident.
∆ 
I'm asking for help right now.
There are millions of reasons why people talk to each.
Like, who is black in the series.
So what might be a statement of fact to you might not be for another.
I'm saying you're stupid so that you will see and acknowledge the flaw in your reasoning.
Regardless, I agree with you on this point.
These are American citizens & the FBI can investigate American citizens outside of the US.
DOESN'T THIS RAISE RED FLAGS FOR ANY TRUMP SUPPORTER?
WHY ELSE BESIDES BIDEN ANNOUNCING HIS CANDIDACY WOULD TRUMP SUDDENLY MAKE A BIG STINK ABOUT SOMETHING HE KNEW ABOUT BUT DIDN'T SEEM TO BE CONCERNED UNTIL HE FELT HIS REELECTION WAS THREATENED?
Gasoline is brought to refineries using trains, ships, and pipelines, which are efficient (although the ships burn very dirty due to the use of heavy bunker oil), but the gasoline is brought to gas stations using diesel trucks.
I agree there may be unintended consequences, but think that is a compelling reason why it should be highly funded and aggressively researched.
Would you say that if you intent for someone to get killed but you failed the punishment should be the same as if you succeed?
Ukraine isn't hostile to us, they're dependent on our aid, are desperate to shed the spectre of corruption, and so I no reason why they wouldn't cooperate.
A modern woman has three options available to her.
how much do you make at FedEx?
> It's in the same sense that when a heavy smoker gets lung cancer we blame their smoking habits, even though there are also many examples of people who smoked the same number (or more) of cigarettes throughout their lives and never get any lung cancer.
Want to know why everything is a big PG-13 fantasy blockbuster, and there's very little room for adult dramas or even comedies?
* 
- and sent his personal lawyer as well as some goons to back channel.
circumstances evidence is allowed in court.
Biden didn't covertly move to get the Ukrainian prosecutor removed - he did it out in the open, in accordance with US foreign policy.
If you had examples, I'd be happy to go into specifics.
3.
I think not.
The problem is that Feminism had a flaw and that was it denied the male role as a form of subjugation.
If you run a red light and hit someone, you get charged for hitting someone.
Additionally, switching to electric cars will help speed along weening our society off of its dependence on oil and other fossil fuels.
There's degrees to it.
Recycling is dictated by supply and demand.
Not that any of this matters as the proceedings will proceed as predicted for months.
> I believe it's main purpose is to influence undecided voters to vote one way or another
I put it in quotes because I see no reason not to include the actual label, in this case: stupid.
We actually have a number of studies done that try to measure this.
\- most of the emissions of an EV come from producing the car, more so than for ICE
So (**simplified** because there are philosophical variants) if someone would drive over a red light it would only be a crime if he hits someone.
If you were speeding and hit someone, you get charged for hitting someone.
I guess?
Why are some words unacceptable?
If someone is fat, they should be okay being called fat.
It's like the dials just move up and down at a whim, depending on what makes for a better answer.
That's just the risk they took, entirely out of their own free will.
Is Bob significantly more likely to kill someone else in the future?
Impeachment is a political process by nature.
At the very least, a degree is an indicator that they're more likely to be promotable.
I might not notice if minorities are under or over represented, but I would notice that.
The law school lesson on this is when you go to sleep and there is no snow on your lawn oh, but you wake up to find snow on your lawn, despite not having seen the snow fall Make his case.
Part of my thinking comes from a "company" I worked for in college who did "surveys".
To understand the difference:
Through this lottery, many drivers will get out scot-free (or with minor punishments), while some will be punished for killing someone.
In the short-term, it is still better to drive an all electric vehicle than gas, because of heat efficiency.
Clearly, this is a huge problem, and part of the problem is irresponsible driving.
Confirmed: 1 delta awarded to /u/AnythingApplied ([255∆](/r/changemyview/wiki/user/AnythingApplied)).
They raised the minimum wage in ontario from 10 to 14, and literally nothing happened.
"I lost control of the steering wheel".
Second, they ask why he was solely focused on American citizens and not any other corruption issues.
That's why pollsters usually weight liberal/progressive responders higher in polls, because most quality polls are conducted mainly through landlines (the Internet is notoriously hard to poll).
Even if Biden is guilty as sin, I'd want Trump out also.
Trump is convinced that large elements of the previous Ukranian government are out to get him, and Zelensky only just took office.
But when you say inaccurate things about someone in anger as a way to hurt them and nothing else... That in my opinion is a true insult.
> So the idea is that the previous administration was so corrupt that it wasn't worth it to even bother getting them to investigate corruption, but not so corrupt that we needed to have any concern about the aid money we were sending them.
Feminism largely believes that gender roles should be abolished altogether.
Do you think that someone who drives drunk and kills someone should be charged more harshly?
She can stay at home if she likes, she can work part time, she can work full time.
For instance, a key piece of the Democrats' argument has been that Trump did not actually give a shit about corruption in Ukraine.
Still food service is not my thing and I'd rather stay with the job I have now until I finish college.
All the dangerous, life threatening jobs are 98% male.
Do you think it would reflect well upon Netflix to have a show "Witcher" and a second version "with less black people"?
President Trump was investigating Biden back in 2018 for interference in the 2016 election.
For example, my father is fat and he knows it, and he's OK with it, and you can say he's fat without any issues.
I don't want my games getting censored because some American feminist might get triggered, I don't want American comedians limit themselves because of political correctness, I don't want any social messages about relations in USA.
>I think that there IS a way to prove that Trump never raised Hunter Biden, Joe Biden or Burisma as a concern prior to Biden announcing his candidacy.
If two polls just came out and one has Trump up by 2% and the other had Trump down by 1%, you can kind of pick your narrative.
The long term solution is to replace gas and coal power plants with nuclear, wind, solar, and hydroelectricity.
* The rules for joint activities and information sharing are generally spelled out in formal agreements between the U.S. and the host nation.
[See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_5).
> The abuse of power allegation is about using the aid appropriated by Congress as a leverage tool against an ally country to get them to put their thumb on the scale of the US election.
> In many part of the world, people don't care about racism and homophobia or they see themselves as racist or homophobic like you do guys.
They're withholding far more than they've released.
Finding qualified applicants is hard and it's a convenient sorting method.
Can't be both.
It's like the difference between tipping a vat hot oil out your window to dispose of it, and the same thing but there happens to be a guy standing there.
TL;DR
Easy!
Really?
Having a high paying job he wasn't qualified for because of his last name?
That he felt obligated to be successful because from a young age he was taught his success and accomplishments will be the measure of his worth.
We just need "wants to smear a political opponent" to be a more believable explanation for the whole situation than "super cares about corruption in Ukraine suddenly".
* Sidenote, under these two types of offence (only), *Innocent until proven guilty* does not apply.
It's on the government to prove that you did it intentionally.
Overall, what truly matters is what people vote for on Election Day, but polls aren't trying to just be "spin", and if you look at the trend line of many polls you'll see that they aren't too far off from public opinion.
All of this makes sense, but I don't think it shows why the *penalty* should be so much higher if someone happens to die.
It was the administration before him.
Only those who actually have an aptitude for university are given access to it.
> In the situation you describe, your negligence (dangerous driving) caused death.
It's simply a label.
Last night I was surfing on youtube and watched this conan clip
I see someone I don't like and intentionally run them over with my car.
>so why in one case should I get away with a ticket at worst, and in the other case spend years in jail?
Why is it illegal is there is no victim?
The changes you want would be changed to casting and plot.
It's central to the meaning and themes of the story.
Just wanted to also point that out.
The most important thing to have on your resume is relevant work experience.
But if that's true, why is nobody asking what seems to be the question Trump's story begs: WHY WOULD TRUMP ASK A COUNTRY HE SUSPECTS IS CORRUPT FOR AN INVESTIGATION?
As a side note, I'll give you this one.
For example, asking a polling question about Hillary at a Republican or Trump rally will get you a certain set of results.
There are plenty of ways to do that -- maybe witnesses saw you turn the car towards them, for example.
I just generally meant using words like stupid which are considered offensive or wrong to say.
Trump has never been shy about making accusations of corruption.
Waiting a couple months to let Zelensky get his feet on the ground before broaching the issue seems reasonable to me.
That is all your post boils down to.
Folks say this a lot, but it doesn't hold.
>
I was frustrated that it took Democrats too long to point that out as well.
It would have looked like obstruction if he had went public before Mueller concluded his investigation.
I believe that "insults" are mainly a social construct nowadays.
Besides as an insult designed to cause pain.
I don't know anything about Barr's daughter so I won't comment there.
>The American government can't simply send the FBI into the Ukraine to start poking around.
The company would also get backlash for trying to "hide" it \*and\* get backlash from the other half of the crowd for explicitly sanitizing the American version.
It's in the same sense that when a heavy smoker gets lung cancer we blame their smoking habits, even though there are also many examples of people who smoked the same number (or more) of cigarettes throughout their lives and never get any lung cancer.
> Based on that, is there any moment that wouldn't seem dubious for some reason?
Is that just the only reason?
And it was.
In the hypothetical case, you missed a red light *and a pedestrian in your path* and the difference resulted in a different outcome.
>Even more, the actual results of a poll can be reported any way they want you to see them.
> So if you did stunt driving or drag racing on a public street, or drive drunk, that would be a case of recklessness, since you know that to be extremely dangerous, and if it results in death, it's manslaughter.
I agree with what you said though.
There's a criminal act before the death occurs, but the death pushes the offence category to manslaughter.
> Jeez, if there's importance but not urgency, why ask for an announcement at such a dubious moment in the first place?
He's now in his car driving out of the parking lot.
most sales, customer service roles that face people), a degree shouldn't be an asset, as experience and behavior are far better measures of success than a piece of paper.
If Gillete would release the 'men sucks' advertisement in my country, they would get destroyed instantly.
For the reasons I outlined in the OP, I don't think that our current attempts to mitigate climate change will be sufficiently successful alone, and those impacts we are already seeing require emergency correction.
So, Zelensky ran on a campaign of rooting out corruption in the Ukrainian government.
Even so, the prosecutor that Biden worked to help remove was removed specifically because he *wasn't* investigating allegations of corruption in Ukraine.
He's also convinced that large elements of the American government are out to get him, so he runs everything through trusted off-the-books goons like Giuliani.
Statutory violation is not necessary for impeachable conduct to have been committed.
Vehicular Manslaughter doesn't apply to accidents.
Based on this post, I think you're extremely stupid.
Do you *really* think that the crux of my post is that I have a strong belief driving like an idiot should always be punished regardless of context?
It's all very logical.
It is also a gross abuse of power to stonewall the investigation of a co-equal branch of government.
The more we raise minimum wage, the more jobs we lose.
Once the initial cost to implement AI or automation of some sort plus costs for incremental upkeep are accounted for it'll always be cheaper than hiring an actual person.
"**
Not to mention inflation.
Hunter Biden was never under investigation - not by the corrupt prosecutor, not by the FBI, not by anyone.
Who's to say that the Ukrainian investigation wouldn't have expanded to look at Hunter Biden?
We still tell boys, intentionally or otherwise, that they shouldn't cry, that their feelings don't matter.
Traffic offences are generally strict liability; you don't mean to run a Red Light, but that doesn't make it any less hazardous.
My view is that *driving like an asshole/idiot* is a crime and should have criminal consequences.
You can say anything provided you are ready to accept the consequences
Schiff explicitly made the argument last night during the procedure votes, I forget for which witness.
And if you do kill someone, you'd be charged with manslaughter - this carries a higher penalty because now you've actually done what the warning was placed there to prevent you doing in the first place.
The only "other" unskilled jobs you can realistically expect to get are straight-up retail associate or food-service roles.
I'm not sure you understand how the law works.
> The FBI legal attaché works with the law enforcement and security agencies in their host country to coordinate investigations of interest to both countries.
WHY WAS HE ASKING THE PRESIDENT OF UKRAINE TO INVESTIGATE AMERICAN CITIZENS?
I think punching someone is a bit different.
none of them are black in the original universe.
I think you have an antiquated view of feminism.
She has used more harsh words at me.
As with everything else, the goal is to minimize that cost.
In the second case, those traffic violations cost a life.
Where an electric car is polluting indirectly via the energy used to charge the car, gasoline powered cars are like triple (or more) polluters.
>'m open to valid legal arguments, but not to the typical Trumpian schoolyard antics.
In the second case, your misjudgement *did* result in loss of life and so you should pay the full penalty for the recklessness of your actions.
In essence, you're proposing that the guilty mind is the only thing that matters here - that the guilty act is somehow irrelevant.
The DOJ has very little authority to run their own investigation there and, at a minimum, would require the cooperation of the Ukrainian government.
Meaning if there's an unfavorable aspect to a candidate in the results, but more favorable in another aspect, then the pollsters will highlight the good fact, but make no mention of the other fact.
In both of these types of offence, there is no need to prove the *mens rea* ('Guilty mind' element of a crime), only the *actus reus* (the 'actually committed an act' element).
Unless done under perfect circumstances where McConnell formally promises to subpoena white house officers in exchange for the Bidens' testimonies, bringing in the Bidens just dilutes the strong argument already being made.
Burisma probably was corrupt, and Joe Biden's son getting a sweet gig with no experience was probably an attempt to curry favor with Biden, I'll stipulate to both those things being true.
In the end it's a scientific question that can be answered quite accurately, and EVs are clearly much better than gasoline, and even diesel cars.
interest in corruption in Ukraine, and in prior years he approved military assistance to Ukraine
Having a high paying job he wasn't qualified for because of his last name?
> One could say that freely drivers decide to take part in a "lottery" while aware of the possible consequences (severe punishment) that they would receive IF they got into severe enough accidents.
Why wouldn't they be able to access records or question witnesses?
>female ghostbusters
But just it having been written about does not mean it was something Trump was concerned about.
When there's a bad movie with all white characters, do you complain about that as well?
If he did the same jokes people would blame him about 'objectifying wahmen!!!'
This is just an assertion and doesn't really get into *why* as far as I can tell.
>What is the "corruption" Hunter Biden is accused of?
We don't know if Biden did anything corrupt, but Trump is all ready to call him corrupt based solely on his FEELINGS, but without any evidence to back it up.
BUT HOW IS UKRAINIAN CORRUPTION BEING CURBED BY INVESTIGATIONS INTO AMERICAN CITIZENS?
national security advisors and did not mention corruption at all—even though the purpose of the
for the netflix series, try google
So this would absolutely be an example of Ukrainian corruption in that they're essentially paying Hunter Biden to get Joe Biden push out their own politicians.
The margin is far bigger than what would be left by the change in minimum wage.
> We focus on outcomes because they're really important, and we know that even with quite dangerous things like drunk driving and drag racing, deaths are pretty rare.
I'm sorry if you think I'm a terrible person.
Then it's accurate.
Better to stick to what there's already evidence to prove in a trial setting.
Hear me out.
So the data we are able to gather, no matter how much money and resources we pump into it, will always be temporally and spatially limited.
That means it's not that hard for countries to swap out one form of electricity generation for another.
My thoughts about that last statement about the last general election have changed due to another comment so we are now in agreement about that.
[removed]
Peace.
Source: don't have a degree, got a sales job that said undergraduate degree required.
6. you don't have to sugar coat people but you don't have to be bad too.
People often jump on them saying they got it wrong.
"Prosecutor is investigating Joe's son's company and Joe helps get the prosecutor fired" is something to investigate.
By comparison, the only defence for an Absolute Liability offence (eg.
We won't be able to achieve this desirable outcome, so even if we create a perverse incentive by reducing the impact, it is a necessary step.
It's not *that much* better at this point, but it is better.
Trump uttered nary a peep about it.
At a loose definition, manslaughter refers to any case where negligence or criminal conduct leads to an (unintended) loss of life.
I just believe it shouldn't be this way.
Are you gonna tell the parents of the dead kid that it's unfortunate but that the driver only got a ticket?
Joe Biden allegedly got a former Ukrainian prosecutor fired for having just that suspicion.
The first valid legal argument is that the president isn't being charged with any statutory violation.
There is no difference.
her mom was wrong to call her stupid.
**
They are still the protectors.
[https://www.newsmax.com/politics/giulianiinvestigationsbidensukrainechina/2019/10/06/id/935848/](https://www.newsmax.com/politics/giulianiinvestigationsbidensukrainechina/2019/10/06/id/935848/)
You think that insults are the same thing as criticism, and that the person you're insulting has to rationally explain why you're wrong, rather than you offering an explanation of why *they're* wrong.
Ultimately, even an electric vehicle running on coal-produced electricity will have a lower carbon footprint than a gas vehicle.
2) I think I'm quite done here.
This disagrees with the crux of my view though.
Do you think he should face more charges than just petty theft?
> Clarifying question: do you think manslaughter should be a crime?
It's not their fault that the GOP senators just don't want to hear what they're saying.
There are still expectations on women, the difference is that there has been change over many decades.
Focus on the degree of the punishment, not the words used to describe the crime.
I'm sure it depends on context.
Then my friend, who is a foot taller than me, and a bit overweight, AFTER watching me do this...wants to try.
It seems like a perfect comprimize.
exhibit A ladies and gentelman.
They're dangerous because you could *kill someone*.
Why not take the time to work trough proper channels and avoid implicating the president directly into something that looks *very very bad* for him?
The American government can't simply send the FBI into the Ukraine to start poking around.
That is what Trump was asking for.
\- the less emission in the grid, and the more miles driven, the better the balance for the EV
So yeah.
Punishments are measured as to be the best possible compromise between deterrent and fairnes (which we call justice in law).
Second of all, Biden has admitted that unless a prosecutor was fired, he would withhold US aid to Ukraine.
I mean if super powers and vampires are okay but not white people?
I mean why do you think he's being impeached?
The obvious exceptions to this argument are highly-skilled and technical positions.
But we aren't living in a perfect world.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xCe8-1dbXZc
So let's say we get rid of it and it's just a ticket.
I didn't think it was real, it was just a prank bro
There may be ways to mitigate local impacts by distributing the aerosols or in locations/seasons when climate cycles rely on regional cooling.
Why try?
>  I'm also not sure what it has to do with my original view.
Within the context of Black Panther, it matters which characters are of which race.
I don't see these things as "insults" (though it depends on how you interpret the word insult).
They're intentionally trying to avoid bringing Hunter Biden into the conversation.
we don't know the long term effects that will occur 10, 20, 100, or 1000 years down the road.
The changes you are suggesting are not simply minor edits or a little CGI.
To achieve that end gender roles were created.
Science is done through lab experimentation, field observation, and theoretical models.
And its seems you are struggling as well.
1) No one makes you watch.
Trump had no problem with corruption in Ukraine before and was even perfectly happy sending them money.
But that doesn't mean I have to agree with it.
Sure, it might work for awhile, but it's no permanent solution.
His main platform was anti-corruption, so there is a very valid argument as to why it came up on the call.
That's this CMV over, right?
They feel attacked.
Are the circumstances OP is complaining about also common in those countries?
/joke
People are insecure and hate acknowledging their shortcomings.
But I don't know that I'd say that is the fault of the polls.
They have an ethically moral argument for being able to do so since other countries were able to.
to anti-corruption measures beyond the two investigations he was demanding.159 When he first
The stupid people, if you want to call them that, can still do a lot, but they are slower and they can't tackle the more complex problem.
Trump saw in Zelensky someone who might actually be interested in rooting out the corruption.
**"It shows there was a lot more collusion in Ukraine than in Russia and that Joe Biden materially assisted in getting some of that covered up, and also by the way got his son out and got a five billion dollar crooked oligarch free who is now running around Ukraine thanking Joe Biden," he charged.
> The last general election in the US proved that between cheating and spin, no polls can really be trusted.
In this case we have no control, though.
Exact same scenario.
> Are you saying that I should be allowed to fire a gun randomly into a crowd, and as long as I happen not to hit anyone, everything is fine?
They had banned a Palme d'Or winner for depicting homosexuality and suicide, and only released a heavily censored version of the film after caving into pressure.
Being an asshole doesn't invalidate that person's statement.
> Throw a grenade inside a post office?
It appears that Trump wanted to create the appearance of Ukraine choosing to launch an investigation all on their own without any visible US ass-puppetry.
So the issue is largely about *why* companies want to see a bachelor's degree.
[1] While his protestations about the "deep state" are the things of memes, Sally Yates was a great example of how governments don't turn on a dime as soon as someone new takes power.
2.
This is a bit ridiculous.
it resulted in a death.
The claim is that it's just wrong to do that, right?
Just because it's one action, there's still two things happening.
We don't say that about straight couples...
Most people (myself included) go to university and sink tens of thousands of dollars into something that I may not even involve myself in later in life or at all even.
Vehicular manslaughter exists because drivers have to pay attention when driving and if they don't, they shouldn't walk away from killing someone with the same fine that someone who just ran a red light gets.
Words have a ton of context beyond just literal meaning.
Polls are an inexact science, I agree.
Fat or stupid are regarded as insults by a lot of people in comparison to the more neutral words overweight and mindless.
Games are censored or changed depending on the country that it's being released in.
Don't you own your opinion?
[See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_2).
Energy is always a problem, but if you make 4 farms in the space of one, you have plains to make power stations and office spaces
If someone is selfish, they should be okay being called selfish.
So what's the use of calling it environment-friendly when many factors suggest it isn't.
So...There's this important corruption issue and the President, a very powerful man, just sits on in waiting for the light in darkness that is Zelensky*, which just so happens to coincide very advantageously with his own personal political goals and you're ready to believe these are entirely unrelated?
Should we soon expect waiters and waitresses to have a bachelor's degree in order to serve us?
But you're not.
> We easily can replicate that, we just grow algae and throw it into a landfill!
Feminism isn't perfect and never was, but it is evolving.
It's literally imposibble for Conan to make that type of content sadly because certain american population would immediately call him sexist, misogynist...etc.
Do you have specific reason to believe it would be different for you?
I think all those words should be accepted and/or discussed.
Implementing an automated solution is going to cost millions.
We haven't had a president with as consistent approval ratings since Nixon.
Please keep that in mind even if you think I'm a terrible person.
Does that make sense?
You can never *prove* I didn't lose control of the steering wheel.
So in essence, what you have is a political process (impeachment) that is being pursued on a strictly partisan basis alleging no *criminal* activity within the articles voted on.
I tried to stick my hand in and reached for the sock but the area was just way too narrow.
This would also explain the delay between Trump taking office and asking for an investigation.
If only all pollsters were good.
This is time sensitive even if the timing can be changed.
He's saying it's justified.
Electricity is electricity.
So, for example, if you poll people asking them if they'll vote for Hillary or Trump, they know to switch half the questions and instead ask Trump or Hillary.
I hated food service as well as other entry level jobs.
I feel very tautological stating this, but the reason the law treats Vehicular Manslaughter and Reckless Driving differently is exactly *because* someone died.
It's considered wrong and taboo to hold traditional views of women or to say she must be a certain way.
The benefit could be measured by taking samples of the concentration of phytoplankton and estimating carbon sequestration benefit based on lab results.
Inexperienced of course.
I'm trying to ask... Why are these words considered offensive?
But that can easily be overcome by tools or training.
**
Vaguely, but maybe you can summarize in layman's terms?
Why not spare them?
 [https://www.newsmax.com/politics/giulianiinvestigationsbidensukrainechina/2019/10/06/id/935848/](https://www.newsmax.com/politics/giulianiinvestigationsbidensukrainechina/2019/10/06/id/935848/)
>I would need to be given persuasive arguments FOR including educational background on a resume for jobs that either used to not require it or reasons to implement this requirement on jobs that currently don't have it.
>    I don't think that our current attempts to mitigate climate change will be sufficiently successful alone          
And they are making these arguments in roundabout ways, but that's not the way America understands legal arguments.
He's been caught so many times being deliberately dishonest, he no longer gets the benefit of doubt.
I can't give you a half-Delta for the statement you changed my views on, so I'll give you a full one!
That is to say, in both of these offences it *doesn't matter if you intended to break the law, all that matters is that you broke it*.
If it was just the timing, that would be one thing, but it's the whole context.
> It is known that polls can be "skewed" to make a point seem more valid.
Those two statements seem pretty contradictory and an indication that your view has been changed, at least in part.
In general, the simple fact that hypothetical you missed two different signals to not proceed is different from only missing one but in particular you are required to be aware of pedestrians in your path or who may enter path separately from your requirement to be aware of traffic signals.
I don't even remember when I see a black person irl.
Waiting in your car in a hot day with the AC running uses only power for the AC instead of wasting most of it through heat as a gasoline engine does.
That's not conducive to discussion, and it makes criticism pointless.
That you're allowed to commit crimes, as long as you run for office?
Women were subjugated in their limited role and were not taken as seriously, she was under her husbands thumb but received physical protection for her and her children, as well as provisions.
All comments that earned deltas (from OP or other users) are listed [here](/r/DeltaLog/comments/esejo0/deltas_awarded_in_cmv_american_companies_should/), in /r/DeltaLog.
these are exactly the questions they asked.
The Zelensky administration, by contrast, is dedicated enough to rooting out corruption that we can trust them, but corrupt enough that we needed to suspend aid to them because of corruption concerns?
The economic incentive of all parties is to use the cheapest form of energy, but the best outcome for all parties is the drastic global reduction of carbon, methane, and other greenhouse gasses.
Maybe.
Third, stopping the aid as a pressure tactics hurts international policy goals, while poking huge holes in the idea that Zelensky is the anti-corruption paladin.
If you believe that Trump obstructed justice by costing Comey his job (even though the investigation into Trump never stopped), then Biden costing the Ukrainian prosecutor his job is also obstruction (all the more so because that investigation *did* stop).
I don't know where you get this idea that a country with ongoing shows like It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia, Family Guy, and South Park is going to blacklist Conan over some boob jokes about a video game.
Granted I see many Americans complained about it on the internet but their voices are not matter in the eyes of big companies
There would still be victims in this case.
Why do you think there are black characters on The Witcher to begin with?
Anyway my point is...I wouldn't just randomly tell someone they're e.g.
But being a CEO, you would be stupid to proclaim this a male role.
\- whether the investment to an EV has a positive carbon balance compared to an ICE during its entire lifetime, is sensitive to 1. energy mix of the grid where a. the car is produced b. it's charged 2. how many miles it's driven during its lifetime
That is the second of two accusations in the articles.
No sense in gilding the lily.
Besides, pollsters need to attempt to be as accurate as possible, otherwise they'll lose their reputation as good pollsters and fall out of favor.
I agree and always try to say "acting stupid" and make it clear that I think what the person is doing/saying at that moment is nonsensical and go on to explain why I think so.
It's a personal favor for political gain.
Perhaps a better way of looking at it is that in Scenario A - where you drive a red light and just get a ticket - only one crime occurs (negligent driving).
Commenters inevitably call for harsh punishments, up to treating it the same as murder.
...given that an insult by definition is to speak to with disrespect, and respect (is pretty subjective but) is admiration for someone because of their abilities or achievements or due regard for others' feelings/rights/traditions, etc.
Operating under the jurisdiction of the United States Department of Justice, the FBI is also a member of the U.S. Intelligence Community and reports to both the Attorney General and the Director of National Intelligence, not to the president.
Even if you are right with calling someone fat you at least have to know that for a lot of people that contains an insult.
>Because in one case your misjudgements resulted in no loss of life, but a warning must be given regardless.
Also - as a kind of thought experiment why don't I make the counter-argument and we can see how you argue the point?
So in those cases where you do it in the worst way possible and kill someone, it makes sense to punish more severely.
No, he isn't.
Because the crime goes from negligent driving to negligent driving costing a life.
>  Shouldn't we research, test, and understand these options and their associated risks?
Nothing changed.
Arguments about the time it takes to work through courts are fairly easily dismiss not only because courts can fast-track cases, but also because house democrats themselves delayed in sending the articles to the senate, and now insisting on prolonging the rules debate by introducing every rule amendment separately and unnecessarily  prolong the process.
Because you can't get those films into theaters in places like China, India, and Indonesia.
Unless you actually fuck mothers.
> leaving dangerously reckless people on the streets
> For example Disney cutting Finn from the poster of TFA for China and Disney again cutting lesbian kiss scene from ROTS on Singapore.
It's entirely true that people with Bachelor's degrees may be less qualified than those without, but it tends not to be the case.
>WHY WOULD TRUMP ASK A COUNTRY HE SUSPECTS IS CORRUPT FOR AN INVESTIGATION?
>I feel as though people just can't accept certain words.
It's true though.
I never said there shouldn't be non-white or not straight people on media, in fact they are already represented a lot considering their population in that respective country.
I couldn't reach it at all.
**"I started this investigation long before he was a candidate," he said.
Trump's position on this as been as unfocused and inconsistent as ever, but there's two issues you're merging.
To this day men are still seen as the providers.
I just wish we can have the same content as we got 6-10 years ago
Why?
Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
Mission not accomplished, then.
Of course, there are many benefits to using electric cars like less maintenance, no clutch, no gears, no oil changes, more boot space, etc which I won't deny but what I don't get is how people are made to believe that by using electric cars we can save the environment which is not true.
I am taking the word "stupid" as an example.
We need a men's emancipation movement because men are still killing themselves at many times the rate of women GLOBALLY.
For the same reason that you get a higher punishment if you punching someone in the face ends up killing them instead of just hurting them.
>Rest of the world used to consume American Entertainment but in last decade it seems companies forgot that they market their product to whole world not just USA.
There are plenty of crimes that require intent to be proven, and people do get convicted of those crimes all the time.
>WHY ELSE BESIDES BIDEN ANNOUNCING HIS CANDIDACY WOULD TRUMP SUDDENLY  MAKE A BIG STINK ABOUT SOMETHING HE KNEW ABOUT BUT DIDN'T SEEM TO BE  CONCERNED UNTIL HE FELT HIS REELECTION WAS THREATENED?
>I don't want my games getting censored because some American feminist might get triggered, I don't want American comedians limit themselves because of political correctness,
DOESN'T TRUMP HAVE A WHOLE DOJ AT HIS DISPOSAL TO INVESTIGATE ANY AMERICAN CITIZEN?
There's a big reason it's called vehicular *manslaughter* and not vehicular *murder*.
Why should we take on the added risk of geoengineering?
Presidents don't decide, based on "the word is" or "many people are saying" what the FBI investigates or doesn't.
That could be to a position that does need a degree.
I don't see why we shouldn't just punish those things severely whether or not you kill someone.
why is the senate shielding him?
it's on the prosecution to prove you did it intentionally.
PC Culture is not a thing
If most of the electricity generated was by hydropower plants then I can agree that we can bring the emission levels down all around the world but when most of the electricity is generated by coal how does that even help?
With Zelensky taking office, they had an opportunity to do something that they probably knew needed to be done for years.
The timing is bad because Biden is running for President.
This practice is something that already happens (e.g Mr. Popo)
So if you ND into someone's *face*, the penalty should be you being yelled at as well - does that sound right to you?
In the original statement, you're stating exactly what your view is on people driving like an asshole/idiot.
For example I feel weird when I see bunch of Black characters  ( even a black elf lmoa) on Witcher Universe at the Netflix show.
Giving someone a little slap is not the same as going full-on Ray Rice.
fat for no reason.
Are you familiar with the legal concepts of *mens rea* and *actus reus* - respectively, "the guilty mind" and "the guilty act"?
And is it only Ukrainian corruption he's concerned about?
The American government wouldn't outsource an investigation into an American citizen at all.
He did the thing Democrats accuse him of - he's just saying it wasn't wrong for him to have withheld the aid and then hiding all of the evidence that proves it WAS wrong.
These are American citizens & the FBI can investigate American citizens outside of the US.
Service is actually a pretty difficult job, and as service industries and disposable income both grow, there'll be greater demand for people who are very good at working service, so there will eventually be some way of distinguishing between those who are good and those who aren't on a level that doesn't require an interview.
I've punched someone before, during a silly high school fight.
Love isn't disgusting.
stuff) and has social messages about american political climate and a global version which is not politically correct and without social messages?
The
> Okay, I can agree that specific criticism is "better".
But the fact that someone died was just unlucky and shouldn't cause the punishment to be significantly harsher.
Forget the timing and the foreign aid and everything else for a second.
There absolutely IS criminality alleged in the articles: abuse of power covers the extortion attempt of Ukraine as well as the Impoundment Act, which was violated.
> WHY WOULD TRUMP ASK A COUNTRY HE SUSPECTS IS CORRUPT FOR AN INVESTIGATION?
Perhaps the delay, but Trump is not shy about making accusations of other politicians.
For example, a police officer doesn't need to prove you *knew* you were speeding - they only have to prove that you *were* speeding.
The FBI DOES have a signed treaty with Ukraine, so if Americans needed to be investigated, the FBI is within their authority to do so.
[-0.2](https://www.frbsf.org/economic-research/files/el2015-37.pdf).
But they can investigate Ukrainian companies and the Ukrainian activities of Americans working for those companies.
I say that not in an attempt to insult you, but just as a statement of fact.
That prosecutor was also investigating Burisma, which had hired Joe Biden's son, Hunter Biden.
The allegation, of course, is that American citizens were involved.
Or cases (like the punching example above) where there isn't an easy to tell how bad your actions were independent of the outcome.
No, it's not certain that the girl knows better.
do you like watching people take a shit ?
I couldn't do it.
They spent 13 hours discussing the need for witnesses, not the evidence they already have.
So the idea is that the previous administration was so corrupt that it wasn't worth it to even bother getting them to investigate corruption, but not so corrupt that we needed to have any concern about the aid money we were sending them.
However, that makes basically everything have minute punishment, because no matter what you can do, you can defend yourself by saying that it was an accident and there's nothing the prosecution can do to disprove that short of you handing them hard evidence of malicious aforethought (which you're not going to do cos it'd be stupid).
In addition, I agree with your point that people often take a single poll as evidence for their viewpoint in an argument, but using a collection of polls from quality pollsters is actual evidence that someone could use to make a point.
This already happens?
It's far more common that someone is making the accusation in a conversationally inappropriate way, -especially- when the person saying it is being called out on it, at least in my experience.
/u/psfrtps (OP) has awarded 1 delta(s) in this post.
Sorry, I didn't read your original comment closely enough.
No, he reports to the DOJ who reports to the President.
2.
The key difference is that Hunter Biden potentially injects an outside power into the US power structure.
I'm not talking about blame or morals, I'm talking about what the law should be.
There's more to a government than just it's leader and rooting out corruption takes time.
A modern man (although things are improving slightly, not very much) can either work full time, work full time, or work full time.
We are already used to consume American Entertainment and we loved it.
DOESN'T THIS RAISE RED FLAGS FOR ANY TRUMP SUPPORTER?
Pleading the Fifth is the most obvious example, but you can't use anything else like that either.
DOESN'T TRUMP HAVE A WHOLE DOJ AT HIS DISPOSAL TO INVESTIGATE ANY AMERICAN CITIZEN?
**
Seems suspiciously selective.
It probably makes me a 'racist' in the eyes of you but I don't think I'm.
"FBI is investigating Trump and Trump fires the FBI's director" is something to investigate.
Is Ukraine the only corrupt country?
You're assuming that he would do those things because you also assume he's corrupt and guilty.
> And as President, he's in a good position to start an investigation.
And what is he supposed to do?
It took Democrats weeks to say that was the case.
**What you are basically asking why not only intent should matter.
Likewise if open ocean iron fertilization or deep sea carbon sequestration has a negative local impact, but is outweighed by its global positive impact, this action should also be taken.
But you only know that by investigating.
[deleted]
Can you elaborate?
Even with a pedestrian in the crosswalk, you could range from doing no harm to minor injury, to property damage, to major injury, to killing.
It often isn't because of what you *learned* from that degree but from what having that degree (or not having it) says about the applicant.
That he should not get offended but discuss the idea and reach a conclusion and/or compromise with this girl.
when a movie is bad then its bad but when you watch something and every 10 minutes they try to pass some political message to brainwash people it's just not what entertainment should be about.
Do you think we will be able to "kill all fossil fuel burning" before irreparable harm is done to the earth's ecosystems?
That's *exactly* my point.
Mick Mulvaney claimed that the aid was withheld and the investigation demanded [because of the "DNC Server.
In the specific case of running a red light, I'd lean more towards "ticket."
If the effects of say sulfur aerosols released in the the antarctic harms wildlife mildly, but the effects of reduced ice flows hurts it more, then this action should be taken.
We need to free men because both men and women suffer if we don't.
If I were POTUS, that's how I'd have done it.
**" Giuliani went out to go over his own investigation of "this Biden stuff" for the past six months.
This paints the pretty clear picture of a man that tried to leverage his position as our chief executive - empowered by we the people - in order to pressure a foreign power into helping out his reelection campaign.
>The United States Department of Justice (DOJ), also known as the **Justice Department, is a** **federal executive department** of the United States government,
\- the emissions by electricity generation keep decreasing, not just as renewables increase, but with the shift away from coal to natural gas
Once you have said it, there is no going back.
The point of having a vehicular manslaughter law is  to have a somewhat lighter punishment for manslaughter with a car because we recognize it as something people do a lot that's at a baseline pretty dangerous.
The biggest effect of insulting someone is that you make them not give a shit what you have to say, which is why people don't usually go about insulting people.
If you just remove the consequence part then even the simple act of pouring water on the ground can lead you to 20 years in jail because you never take into account the different consequences.
The fact that the branches of government meant to be checks and balances on the Executive have been denied the ability to perform that vital role is entirely admissible evidence of abuse of power.
It all uses the same infrastructure.
It seems now the value of a bachelor's degree is the equivalent of what a high school diploma was before.
How aggressive do you mean by aggressive?
Trump's team was likely aware of that and may have decided that the cost of investigating the pre-Zelensky administration was not worth the effort.
A woman has many options available to her now.
Only after Joe Biden announced his candidacy and Trump viewed him as a political threat.
Generally, when a country is trying to overcome corruption, they have to investigate.
Trump is trying to argue that it's illegal for Biden to have done what Trump claims, but calls himself "innocent of all wrongdoing" for having done essentially what he accuses Biden of.
What you're saying is that we should be punishing the intention, not the act.
an *honest and reasonable mistake of fact*).
Trump uttered nary a peep about it.
Maybe not literally, but they've touched all of these points indirectly.
Etc.
1.
And then got rewarded by having his son handed a cushy job.
He did withhold the aid, he did try to use it as leverage for personal gain and for no other reason.
The robber only intended to commit theft, but he killed someone.
Just be normal.
With two versions things would be way easier and more enjoyable for all of us.
This is in the hopes that I can treat those around me better.
So if companies make two versions of their product, I think it would be the best.
That Hunter Biden left Burisma years ago and was no longer a current board member or in any way affiliated.
Also, the batteries produced are from rare earth materials that are toxic to extract.
Insulting people puts them into fight or flight, which means they're not really paying attention anymore, they're just figuring out whether to fight back or run away.
If corruption is an issue in another country, one way to deal with it is point it out when that happens and pressure them to keep it clean.
>Nor does the president of Ukraine have authority to conduct investigations into American citizens not living in Ukraine
The world is a public good from which all individuals and countries benefit.
At the end of the day, they can't spell out every single point to the fullest detail without including assumptions in their arguments.
In a perfect world I would agree with you.
We can actually look at the track record.
People will call any unconventional character "political propaganda" today while ignoring the political propaganda that they agree with.
Wait a minute, isn't that what we do all the time?
They may coordinate with the FBI, and there are treaties that help that happen.
>Since when do presidents double as investigators?
tasked with combating corruption in Ukraine and elsewhere.165
**
There is a cost to everything a business does, including hiring someone.
Interesting, but I'm not quite sure how it's relevant.
Trump can't have it both ways: either Ukraine was too corrupt to give aid to, or they weren't and we wanted their help investigating Americans.
People do the exact same thing and yet they are rewarded differently based on the result.
I don't think so.
Or get a raise.
If I could wave a wand and give every smoker a minor disease, rather than 10% of smokers a fatal one, I think that would be a good trade-off.
Obviously, the rest of us get to draw our own conclusions, but the Democrats in the house need to deal with those things as they come and make their case with the procedure they're given.
But if you're an honest person, you will have to admit that, at minimum, it looks like a conflict of interest.
But you're playing the odds.
>The only three direct conversations with President Trump do not contain a statement of a quid pro quo and two expressly deny such a pre-condition."
And he also would have never allowed the Russia investigation by the FBI if he had control over what the FBI does.
But you do realise that if you were to make this change in the law, then the punishment for reckless driving would become years in jail, right?
Words exist for a reason.
that's not going to have a big impact on the ROI they get for replacing you.
As was said here, polling is an (inexact) science.
Next, there was a mistake that pollsters made which was not adjusting for education level and they've fixed that going forward.
DOESN'T THIS RAISE RED FLAGS FOR ANY TRUMP SUPPORTER?
If you provide the true criticism, then the insult is unnecessary, and all you've done by using it is make the person you're talking to ignore your criticism by making yourself look like an asshole.
Ivanka and Rudy work for Donald, which means the lines of power are exactly as they are supposed to be.
Geoengineering should definitely include attempts to sequester carbon.
I'm just saying in itself.
The goal was to replace him with someone that would do more, not someone that would stop investigating.
Please be as detailed as possible and maybe give me examples if possible?
This is largely not true outside the US.
So, President Zelensky was inaugurated on May 20, 2019.
I agree.
I bring both of these up because - in Australia at least - they entirely answer your question.
* Figures out how reliable the polling company is and gives them extra weight or diminished weight based on historical accuracy
>The first valid legal argument is that the president isn't being charged with any statutory violation.
Just look at the recent Blizzard protests, and how Hollywood studios will shoot scenes in China or shoehorn in Chinese actors into their films to get past Chinese market restrictions.
There is no fun in calling a random person on street "fat".
> BUT HOW IS UKRAINIAN CORRUPTION BEING CURBED BY INVESTIGATIONS INTO AMERICAN CITIZENS?
Lab experiments might be able to only simulate and replicate small pieces of the environment in a small lab setting, under short time spans.
> The alleged corruption isn't ongoing.
I agree with most of your comment.
Say Alice drove drunk once, and but didn't get in an accident.
Also, how do you define "rude"?
It doesn't pass the smell test.
"I'm one of the smart ones."
Also, in the future, we could absolutely be seeing professional requirements (vocational though, probably not degrees) for the service industry.
Trump has been president for three years and hasn't how did he concerned about Ukraine or Joe Biden or his son.
Easy!
If a woman is in danger every man in the vicinity is expected to protect her with his life, that is his role.
He asks them to coordinate with his own personal lawyer.
For example: A girl just moved in with a guy.
Just.
Yet the guy might get offended if he were to be called inexperienced.
One of the duties of the executive branch is to run investigations.
We should look at geoengineering as a next step after we close the loop and do our mass sequestration.
An "insult" can be part of an explanation.
[\[Source Wikipedia\]](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Director_of_the_Federal_Bureau_of_Investigation)
Would they rather buy the dress and get home and realize they're too fat then?
Asking today's shows to reflect our society isn't pc, nor is it a tall order.
Instead of making it one point, they divided it into two parts.
That helps, right?
the law school lesson on this goes 'when you go to sleep and there is no snow on your lawn, but you wake up to find snow covering your lawn, you needn't have seen the snow falling to know it snowed.'
*However* geoengineering is not an acceptable solution to the current kind of climate change.
The idea is that if someone is driving like an asshole, they have an incentive to stop and accept the lesser charge before they kill someone.
Sitting on information until it is useful is hardly a crime or an impeachable offense.
To a 20th century woman a successful man showed her the ways she wasn't free, she didn't see the ways in which the man was a slave.
you are under the impression that only people from america cares about racism, homophobia, sexism, etc etc, thats objectively false, if anything america is often more bigoted.
If there's a reason to investigate, Ukraine will investigate.
Feminism should not be necessary.
What starts as an investigation into one thing can end up becoming about something quite different.
>reports to both the Attorney General and the Director of National Intelligence, not to the president.
Like i post on /r/advice a lot, and this kid was talking about how her mom calls her stupid because she loads the dishwasher wrong.
As I said above, the reputable polls give you the information you need to verify whether they did anything to skew the polls.
Lazy coworkers and coworkers who were still children did not do things to improve my mood as well on some days.
Undoubtedly.
None of the plot lines of any of those stories would have to change if the race of any of the characters changed (contrasted to something like Luke Cage, where a \*very\* central theme of the show involves race relations).
That's corruption, and should at least be investigated.
Thanks for this, I think it's a good framework.
(Psychology) intense hatred or fear of homosexuals or homosexuality
but is she stupid or just inexperienced?
Using hemp for paper, rope, cloth and we can make sustainable biodegradable plastics.
The way to handle disputes between co-equal branches of government is through the third co-equal branch...the judiciary.
Why are you even talking to them.
>A girl just moved in with a guy.
Trying to claim otherwise now only serves to weaken the Republican argument even more & make them appear even more crooked.
>two men kissing is very repulsive and i shouldn't have to witness that regularly on tv when i've basically never seen that in real life, its not representative of society, its just propaganda.
It is still **your** fault that you ran the red light; no amount of 'I didn't see it' or 'I was distracted' mitigates that fact (arguably, it makes it worse).
Would it be safe to say that the guy is maybe...inexperienced and should listen to and learn from the girl?
I think this would be a decent point if the guy hadn't already admitted he did it specifically to smear Biden; ie: he wanted an announcement, not an investigation.
This film was very, very poorly done and based on the marketing clearly just a cash grab for the PC crowd.
He only released the aid AFTER the whistleblower's complaint was made and he was told he needed to release the funds because his scheme was discovered.
I read on the internet that it's good for you, I just wanted to make everyone healthy, so I'll take a medal instead.
> **Comments must contribute meaningfully to the conversation**.
Hunter potentially gave Burisma influence over the US government.
That was 2 years ago.
I'm not trying to hurt people.
Or Maybe you want to hook up.
There is an abundance of proof, not only from his business career, but also during his presidency.
I don't see why that's a problem.
They weren't making direct arguments towards Trump's guilt, instead focusing on how their evidence from the House hearings makes Trump appear guilty and there should be more evidence in the trial to give them more detail.
That's the foundation for the abuse of power alligation.
This means every question, every answer choice, etc.
"I started it in November of 2018, solely for one single purpose, because I'm \[Trump's\] defense lawyer and it exonerates him.
Because people just can't accept certain works and... oh.
](https://www.eia.gov/tools/faqs/faq.php?id=427&t=3) Since you used terms like "boot space" I'm guessing you're in the UK, and they only got [9% of their energy from coal in 2016.
She reveals that she's been cheating on him and they break up.
> Just to be clear, this allegation is baseless.
It doesn't affect the accuracy of what the polls measure--how people will vote--and, in fact, polls could actually help detect cheating.
Being on top of the pyramid forever?
This post came about because political advocates LOVE to tout a poll that supports their view, but then point to all of the inconsistencies when they don't like the results.
WHY WAS HE ASKING THE PRESIDENT OF UKRAINE TO INVESTIGATE AMERICAN CITIZENS?
I don't believe that is true.
May and July are both far enough from the primaries and the elections that this wasn't going to be an "October surprise" kind of issue.
Michael Scott isn't the hero, not until later seasons at least.
It's like you won't look at the full picture because it looks too bad, so you ask me to focus on a string of detached elements.
How would it look if Putin called Trump and said he wanted Trump to announce an investigation into Putin's political rival?
Hunter Biden at that job in 2015.
I feel as though people just can't handle criticism or anything negative.
Pollsters will also do studies where they'll word things differently in each sample.
And how do we deal with that?
CMV: Running a red light should carry the same penalty as manslaughter.
No, that does not change my view.
While conversion of vehicles to electrical, and the growing capacity of clean energy sources provides the ideal long term solution, these look to be too expensive for most of the planet to adopt in the next 20 years, so additional mitigating efforts are needed to save the planet.
So when you are considering someone stupid, he is considering you stupid.
7.
First, corruption *existing* in Ukraine is either here nor there.
That is not a valid legal argument, it's either misinformed or disingenuous.
There were several who said they leaned in one direction/were a member of one party but now were supporting the other because the case was strong/weak.
A decade ago USA entertainment was top notch on everything.
Just because its true, doesn't mean it needs to be said.
I don't think anything is likely to happen to you.
> Accidents happen, but an accident is a single moment were you make a mistake, not a single moment were someone dies that was preceded by 10 minutes of you being an idiot.
It is when you're withholding promised aid and asking for a very specific investigation into the Bidens, as opposed to looking into UKRAINIAN corruption.
Stupid or not, they are far from worthless.
If he is guilty of some wrongdoing, I don't think Democrats are adverse to that being brought up, as long as there's some substance behind the accusation.
And yes, although currently electric cars cause environmental damage in other areas, innovation doesn't happen overnight.
That he as a human being is simply not enough, what he can DO is what matters, not who he is.
> As someone who works only 20 hours a week on average
I understand you feel that you have some stronger language than the House managers do, but they're saying all of these things.
Saying someone is acting stupid, or being stupid, suggests that they're being that way right now, about a certain subject.
I have used "fat" to my sister.
Lol x) oh you, jatjqtjat!
> The philosophical problem you're describing is also known as "moral luck".
They an extreme minority ( like not even 0,1%) on my country and we don't have any problems with ones who already lives here.
The president does not hold an investigative role.
your own definition of homophobia doesn't make a sense at all, biologically sex is meant for reproduction so when two men have a sexual relationship it is just not a natural behavior and feeling bad when seeing this is natural.
I think this is the crux of what I'm not seeing.
I'm trying to express my thoughts and opinions.
The FBI operates in over 65 countries and its mission is to lead FBI global operations to identify and eliminate threats to the US.
However , how little hours I get on a normal basis makes me believe I may lose my job if Bernie becomes president and raises minimum wage.
I gave a few examples in my post.
I'm a little confused where you get the idea that Dems aren't making these arguments.
I think the answer to why they don't bring up this argument is because it goes against Democratic and international policy on corruption.
Here is why: because atmospheric carbon levels do far more than just raise the average temperature.
And on average, someone with a degree is going to be more capable.
Over analyzing people will make your own understanding confusing.
Feminism recognizes that societal expectations of masculinity is often as oppressive as societally enforced femininity.
That's the formal argument that represents your point about the DOJ.
On the whole I think our standards are fucking abysmal.
Are there people without a degree that could do the job well?
Sometimes I see videos on reddit of somebody driving like an asshole/idiot and getting in an accident that results in someone's death.
You're not actually telling them anything they don't know, you're just making them feel uncomfortable.
The value they measure is something called "elasticity" which tells you for what percent increase of minimum wage you'd expect to see what percent decrease in jobs.
Only about a quarter of electricity in the US is generated by coal.
The actions in your scenario was doing a negligent action that resulted in the death of someone.
One should be able to decide solely based on his/her interests.
In the 2016 election where one particular candidate got a huge response among voters with low levels of education it makes your polls very susceptible to error especially if you're polls don't happen to capture a perfectly representative amount of people at each education level.
No jobs created by cutting wages.
Contempt of congress.
So partial reporting is definitely a problem, but it's a problem with the media, not pollsters.
Again, doesn't take a genius to see the connection.
You also can't observe every point on the earth's surface, oceans, and atmosphere simultaneously all the time.
My arm didn't fit.
If you run a red light, you get a ticket for running the light.
Fighting climate change is a free rider problem.
Every black character in Witcher Netflix show are out of place.
But actual investigations were never the point.
> I don't see these things as "insults"
But every people have their own distinct and contradictory issues with American films.
I mean companies are already doing things like that.
I'm talking generally about negative words that people can't seem to accept, especially words commonly agreed upon to be offensive and rude and not to be used or even plain abusive.
Just to be clear, this allegation is baseless.
Thus begins women's emancipation.
Well, women noticed this, for themselves.
I really don't mean to.
> Forget the timing and the foreign aid and everything else for a second.
Because corruption isn't the same across the whole government.
Conversely If someone was asking Trump questions in San Francisco, where most voters are Democrat, it would show an unfavorable result for Trump
Yes, we'll lose some jobs if we raise minimum wage.
10% communication is verbal.
>Interest in the situation in the Ukraine predated Biden's presidential campaign launch.
Trump had no reason to suspect Zelensky of corruption, but he withheld the aid from Zelensky anyway - this after raking Obama over the coals for "allowing" Russia to annex Crimea.
I see two compelling arguments against such geoengineering.
I want to hear it from you, not google.
Conan has 45 Clueless Gamer segments uploaded on YouTube including the one you just linked.
I tend to disagree with that statement—namely because such a situation doesn't exist and there are far more measures of aptitude for jobs than educational background alone.
It's very, very difficult to prove you're not at fault here.
Investigation is not conviction.
It doesn't when you consider the previous Ukrainian administration was considered corrupt and that Zelensky was only elected in April of 2019.
Law isn't just based on what something has been done, but also to the degree it has hurt someone, otherwise you're just going to end up with too lax or too severe punishments and that's not what law is meant to do.
But there's also the fossil fuels used to make the car, fossil fuels used to extract the crude oil, fossil fuel energy used to refine the crude oil into gasoline, fossil fuel used to transport the gasoline to gas stations, fossil fuel to keep the lights on at the gas stations, fossil fuel to build the gas stations, etc.
If you want to be taken seriously, don't insult people as part of that.
Rest of it is body language.
Who are you protecting?
\- battery prodcution is not a clean industry, but compare it to the effects oil drilling
Its the abuse of power and contempt of congress which is really bad, and that is exactly what they hit him with.
And secondly, it was well agreed upon both in US policy and European policy that the prosecutor was not tough *enough* on corruption, and the cases weren't moving.
Not enough to say it definitely occurred, of course, but enough to suggest where something needs to be investigated.
Does that make you feel better about yourself?
By removing deterrent and punishment from bad luck-esq actions, you also removed a huge part of negligence or even straight up criminal behavior.
There are varying degrees of recklessness, which may be hard to distinguish by external observers.
This would allow us to use every countries boogeyman.
Political correctness belongs to USA.
They can't get Ukrainian records, question Ukrainian witnesses, things like that.
Recklessness requires you to knowingly disregard an substantial and unjustified risk to human safety.
By law in most developed countries, , an employer can't discriminate based upon a protected set of grounds: race, gender, etc.
She's been around and has lived on her own for years, taken care of a house, had jobs, been in other romantic relationships, etc.
He can't have possibly (and didn't) remove everyone from the previous administration, so they withhold the money and ask him to look into this idiocy to prove himself.
We want people to be careful not to kill people.
Generally, things become more efficient as you start to scale up.
So which is it?
* Even more, the actual results of a poll can be reported any way they want you to see them.
What kind of message might that send?
Accept that you're fat.
For example Disney cutting Finn from the poster of TFA for China and Disney again cutting lesbian kiss scene from ROTS on Singapore.
consultation with the State Department, had certified in May 2019 that Ukraine satisfied all anticorruption standards needed to receive the Congressionally appropriated military aid, yet President
Isn't that far greater abuse than they made the video game girl's titties less visible?
So there was importance but not urgency to getting this work done.
Suddenly, just a few weeks ago, the House announced it would begin an impeachment inquiry and push for a final vote in just a matter of weeks.
For example, your comments about how if Trump being polled by people from San Francisco ignores the fact that pollsters will weight certain categories of people differently than others, knowing that their sample group is likely biased.
Confirmed: 1 delta awarded to /u/HeWhoShitsWithPhone ([97∆](/r/changemyview/wiki/user/HeWhoShitsWithPhone)).
There are also recycling issues with the batteries.
The last general election in the US proved that between cheating and spin, no polls can really be trusted.
Withholding incriminating evidence makes all the sense in the world.
When you give people at the bottom of the economy more money, turns out they just spend it, since they were already barely getting by.
The philosophical problem you're describing is also known as "[moral luck](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Moral_luck)".
Businesses are generally best positioned to know what skills a job they are hiring for needs.
If that is true, why did Trump withhold the aid from the new Administration?
There's obviously the emissions from the car.
But you must make at least close to the proposed minimum since you say you make good good money.
And why?
They also have inquired heavily into why Giuliani, Sondland, and co. were responsible for this instead of formal channels.
But "geez that's so rude"...
> My view is that driving like an asshole/idiot is a crime and should have criminal consequences.
In the your actual case you simply missed a red light.
> I'm not convinced that some of the polling organizations know how to tick all of the boxes to what they are expected to provide, and leave out some data.
Hours were already scarce.
Of course we can.
For instance, Trump's implausible claim that he withheld the aid from Ukraine because he suspected Zelensky was corrupt.
No.
During the campaign is dubious because it hurts Biden.
Through Legal Attaché offices, or Legats, FBI personnel work with host country agencies to jointly investigate crimes affecting US citizens and interests.
Words exist for a reason.
Acting as if Biden took an illegal action in order to protect him, or to thank the company for doing so, on the other hand, isn't based in reality.
We ask other parts of the government to hold the corrupt politicians accountable by investigating them.
For women it was to manufacture kindness and love in order to provide a nurturing environment for children and to support her husband emotionally because he had suppressed his own.
Another issue I've seen is news sources that report every time there is a minor downward fluctuation in Trump's approval ratings.
His guilt in this instance is blatant and not even disputed.
Wouldn't you agree that someone complaining about the over-sensitivity of others is themselves being overly sensitive?
Withholding sculpt Atari evidence makes no sense.
You're really talking about a law enforcement matter on both the Ukrainian and US sides of the call.
This is the only corruption he could find that he's worried about and it just so happens to involve the person he considers to be his biggest political rival?
You're right to say the benefits are marginal, but electric cars are in fact marginally better.
&#x200B;
edit: Sorry for my terrible English
Here is an article from the [NY Times dating back to 2015 asking questions about eh potential conflict of interest and appearance of impropriety of Hunter Biden's business relations coinciding with Joe Biden's official work as VP](https://www.nytimes.com/2015/12/09/world/europe/corruption-ukraine-joe-biden-son-hunter-biden-ties.html).
>Asking the new president who ran with an anti-corruption platform to investigate corruption isn't exactly crazy.
Well I used the word inexperienced, didn't I?
>We need to fabricate fake ones out of boredoom.
One CSPAN caller asked about that.
This is an age-old philosophical question.
yeah this is not pratical.
WHY WAS HE ASKING THE PRESIDENT OF UKRAINE TO INVESTIGATE AMERICAN CITIZENS?
Road crimes all depend on the end result of what happened that led to you getting caught.
>I'm becoming more frustrated by the day as House Democrats neglect to make these points or ask these questions, which corrupt Republicans should be forced to answer.
Is it emotional abuse?
([from here](https://www.fbi.gov/about/leadership-and-structure/international-operations), emphasis added)
I just wish we will have the same entertainment as 6-10 years ago without all that social justice and politicall correctness bs.
I wasn't on my phone or anything, I just sort of ... didn't parse that a light was there.
Men freed women without freeing themselves.
If every 2 months you see a story about "Trump's approval ratings are falling" it creates a sense that his approval is awful and getting worse (since they don't report when it pops back up the next week), but looking at the [actual results](https://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/trump-approval-ratings/) (again, aggregated which helps avoid outlier polls) we see that his approval ratings have been pretty steady.
> My view is that *driving like an asshole/idiot* is a crime and should have criminal consequences.
I'm perfectly happy to say the driver is to blame for the victim's death.
>Look at the TV shows like Office.
Based on that, is there any moment that wouldn't seem dubious for some reason?
> I'm not sure you understand how the law works.
They explicitly make this argument in their impeachment trial briefs, and I expect it to be a major theme in their arguments today.
There are plenty of things that are socially acceptable but that I find unacceptable and refuse to partake in, or the opposite, I'll do things that aren't socially acceptable because I believe it's correct.
The President is head of the executive branch.
On the other hand, if I were to say something like "you won't get in easily on the airplane because of your size", why is that bad?
Sure, I don't care about Biden.
For men it was to suppress his fears and emotions in order to be strong and tough, facilitating the ability to provide security and food for his wife and children.
It was ZELENSKY who was president when Trump withheld the aid on supposed suspicion of corruption and it was ZELENSKY who Trump asked to announce an investigation.
We need equality in choice.
Because there are many people who react the same way to criticism as to an insult.
He's still furious.
I love your point.
Despite this expectation to provide, women are not expected to solely be nurturers.
It is *absolutely disgusting* that people are willing to condone even the shadow of this kind of behaviour, much lend defend it.
> Joe Biden allegedly got a former Ukrainian prosecutor fired for having just that suspicion.
Job adverts always put down higher requirements than the minimum they'd accept, to try and deter people who are just spam-applying to everything that even vaguely applies to them.
He said he withheld the aid because of suspected corruption.
And yet, the video has 10million views, 165K likes to 3k dislikes, and Conan still has his show.
The replacement of workers also takes time, it's not going to happen instantly.
If someone is in front of me, that same action is illegal.
> My actions would have been exactly the same, so why in one case should I get away with a ticket at worst, and in the other case spend years in jail?
It's impossible to distinguish a bad luck vs criminal negligence.
There is, in this article, and assumption of abuse that dismisses any possible exculpatory explanation.
>WHY WOULD TRUMP ASK A COUNTRY HE SUSPECTS IS CORRUPT FOR AN INVESTIGATION?
Yes, the outcomes are different.
Recycling a heavy metal from an old battery is more profitable than mining new heavy metals.
I'm also not sure what it has to do with my original view.
**
Even if geoengineering is aggressively studied with all the money and resources in the world, we are still limited in what we can know about it.
All comments that earned deltas (from OP or other users) are listed [here](/r/DeltaLog/comments/esgvh9/deltas_awarded_in_cmv_political_polls_are_easy_to/), in /r/DeltaLog.
Basically, punching someone *really hard* should be more of a crime than punching someone *a little bit*.
the batteries are not cheap and if mass-produced there will be depletion in rare earth materials like cobalt, lithium, and nickel.
They use this to adjust for gender, race, age, but traditionally have not used education level to weight their results.
In the second case, your misjudgement *did* result in loss of life and so you should pay the full penalty for the recklessness of your actions.
Withholding exculpatory evidence makes no sense.
PC culture is not a thing ?
It was still considered normal for a woman's place to be at home or at least in caring/nurturing professions.
I put it in quotes because I see no reason not to include the actual label, in this case: stupid.
The claim seems to be that those words are just wrong to use in any situation.
The increased spending lead to businesses making enough money to counteract the increased cost of labor.
rather than conjecture.
This is why we have Interpol.
Also fyi I'm not even white in American describtion
If you use them alone, you convey no information, and your comment has been completely pointless.
I'm not convinced that some of the polling organizations know how to tick all of the boxes to what they are expected to provide, and leave out some data.
He's purposefully written to be a bad boss.
Unlike a lot of politically biased journalism and media, polling has a discrete outcome that you can judge it against.
Now lets do the reverse, let's say running a red light without harm gets the same punishment as vehicular punishment.
It's Sooo PC to enable stories to acknowledge their existence!
It's literally one of his key roles.
> Granted I see many Americans complained about it on the internet but their voices are not matter in the eyes of big companies
The 17 Intelligence Agencies all concur that Russia, not Ukraine was responsible for interference in the 2016 election.
Thanks for all of that detail.
In court:"I lost control of the steering wheel your honor".
You might not believe that is the reason for why, but everything is basically assumptions of the state of mind at this point.
The American government certainly wouldn't outsource an investigation to country that the American president believes to be corrupt.
Women can be firefighters and soldiers.
Does it help them grow faster?
But no, he just had to try anyway, and it didn't work...
But it's also a political question, and you'll see many people arguing and cherry-picking data to prove their point, eg.
In most judicial systems we judge by intent and consequence.
> There is incongruity in Trump's claim to be concerned that ZELENSKY was corrupt but at the same time pressuring him to announce this investigation.
Not for men, very minimal progress has been made.
Field observations can only be done in real time, i.e.
Matter of fact, Here is [Vanity Fair reporting on the potential "scandal" only a week after Biden officially launched his campaign](https://www.vanityfair.com/news/2019/05/biden-ukrainian-gas-company)
Are they people with a degree that would suck at it?
You can try to choose to redefine that but society will in the end define what fat means.
If he's corrupts, by all means, bring the evidence forth and lets throw him out.
> Uh... What?
> GOP side will just say "if you're so concerned about Hunter Biden, just bring him in as a witness".
Etc.
Just imagine.
Can we agree that if the Bidens (or even just Joe Biden) are corrupt in their dealings with Ukraine, that that's something the American people ought to know before voting for him in November?
Your response to the ND thing is frankly bizarre.
I just think it's important to have a discussion about it to try to get closer to the truth.
* Aggregates the polls together to assemble a result with a much larger number of sampled people.
Words have meanings/definitions.
The overall point here is that we can SEE what Trump did and there's not even any dispute about it.
So although one coal power plant creates way more CO2 than an individual car, a coal power plant gives off less CO2 than an equivalent amount of cars cumulatively generating the same amount of power.
These are precisely the sorts of things that his defenders use to defend him.
It's primarily for DUI or extreme speeding.
> A few months ago, I ran a red light.
Second, the timing: this comes out of nowhere at a pretty convenient time for Trump.
In my case, I was lucky and nobody was coming the other way.
Anyways, How about American companies make an 'american version' which is politically correct (censored on 'offensive?'
Including investigations into Burisma.
So i will say , yes it is sometimes fun to use those words, but be careful and be wise with what you say.
The second compelling argument is that it creates a moral hazard against greenhouse gas reduction.
If the item is already expensive then increasing minimum wage increases the number of people who can and will buy the product or service.
Sondland admitted a quid pro quo was in place.
So attempted murder should have the same punishment as successful murder (your action was the same)?
Wait, which black characters other than the elf do you think are out of place?
What do you want to project by using those words.
So just cloud seeding to block extra light actually makes the problem worse, because now there is justification to keep polluting.
Another way to argue your point is that let's say killing someone is the same punishment as not killing someone while running the red light.
^[Delta System Explained](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/deltasystem) ^| ^[Deltaboards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/deltaboards)
So even if your area uses coal today, it might use a renewable source tomorrow.
While you might be right on the *authority* aspect, but this is quite literally why we have intelligence agencies.
She can stay at home if she likes, she can work part time, she can work full time.
I do appreciate the proper pollsters, but I was just replying to another comment about an article I read a few years ago about political organizations with money, starting their own "polling data & analysis" companies, who end up not only skewing the poll results to be favorable for the party who hired them (ie: their own party), and make a shit ton of money off of them in the process.
Taking a few steps out of the equation and eliminating gasoline from the whole thing reduces emissions.
Those of us that want experience in a field are barred from opportunities because we are not connected to an institution or a person to gain knowledge about an industry.
/u/BaxterAglaminkus (OP) has awarded 1 delta(s) in this post.
But would you use those same words on your mom if she was fat?
There are lot of complexities in people's lives and understanding even a single human is impossible.
I'm *glad* I left shitty jobs.
Why?
All of that, including charging the cars, is part of the normal use of fossil fuels.
You didn't earn anything.
She's been around and has lived on her own for years, taken care of a house, had jobs, been in other romantic relationships, etc.
I think there are probably corner cases where you do something that's obviously dangerous but is so uncommon that there isn't a specific law against it.
Sexism towards men runs so deep and is so prevalent in our society that nobody notices it.
If the investigation reveals that one thing had nothing to do with the other, the investigation is a success.
why did he prevent people from testifying?
Why not be a little courteous to the new president and let him get oriented first?
>Or cases (like the punching example above) where there isn't an easy to tell how bad your actions were independent of the outcome.
There is no possible justification in reducing the penalty for taking someone's life when it is not necessary.
So I'm not disagreeing with you that polls **just like all statistics** are often misused for spin.
Don't be so critical of the House managers.
As technology costs fall and new machines are invented, more and more jobs find themselves in a position where the initial cost of machines makes more sense than paying workers to do the machine's job.
Trump did not express any interest in this.
In a perfect world, the pollsters aren't corrupt.
The allegation that Trump fired Comey to stop the Russian investigation is baseless.
Generally, pollsters release **all** of the data collected in a poll.
He didn't withhold aid from the previous Administration, he withheld aid from the new one
All killing of a human that is not based on self defense, defense of another, as a function of a legally issued execution order, as a function of war, or that is a non-negligent accident is and should be a crime.
Feel free to google other news about Ukraine prior to April 2019 and you'll find plenty of sources, dating back years.
It was and still is (not all Feminism, but for the most part) a biased movement that sees the role men are conditioned to play as a form of male power and male freedom not of male powerlessness and bondage.
This is why crimes are separated in the first place.
That's the action that's on trial, not the Bidens.
For example, asking a polling question about Hillary at a Republican or Trump rally will get you a certain set of results.
The situation is far fetched because of vehicular manslaughter.
Just say you lost control of the wheel for a second and you're golden.
There are existing laws for those things, with punishment and enforcement laid out already.
I can't seem to do something if I don't understand it... AKA I won't stop calling someone stupid until someone makes sense of it.
If someone makes racist jokes, or plays on racist stereotypes, is it okay for me to call them a racist?
Wouldn't it be good to know if they used it?
The thing is, I don't know a single Democrat who views Biden as so sacrosanct that they'd do anything to defend him.
Is your main concern just the vague notion of political correctness described above?
But don't kid yourself that ad hominems are a valid argument.
I absolutely disagree with that point.
But the question is to what extent?
The same action may be present in both cases, but the consequences differ drastically, and that is something the court takes into account.
Journalists then comb through that data and choose what to report on and what not to report on.
Uh... What?
