And secondly, it was well agreed upon both in US policy and European policy that the prosecutor was not tough *enough* on corruption, and the cases weren't moving.
For instance, Trump's implausible claim that he withheld the aid from Ukraine because he suspected Zelensky was corrupt.
When it comes to energy, you have to take the full cost into account.
Political correctness belongs to USA.
Its the abuse of power and contempt of congress which is really bad, and that is exactly what they hit him with.
I might not notice if minorities are under or over represented, but I would notice that.
How is that any different than Ivanka having a 6 figure job she's not qualified for, or Andrew Giuliani, or Bill Barr's daughter and son in law all having cushy, high paying jobs they aren't qualified for solely based on their last names?
Gasoline engines run maybe 30% efficient (when run at optimum temperature, load, and rpm), but usually are not actually running anywhere near that efficiency due to the way we drive, especially when sitting at stop lights.
Comments that are only links, jokes or "written upvotes" will be removed.
That is the wrong conclusion to make based on the 2016 results.
Jeez, if there's importance but not urgency, why ask for an announcement at such a dubious moment in the first place?
Manslaughter is the crime of recklessly causing the death of another person.
This is just an assertion and doesn't really get into *why* as far as I can tell.
> Based on that, is there any moment that wouldn't seem dubious for some reason?
Yes, how dare non white, non straight people exist in media.
Not that I'm aware of.
There's a criminal act before the death occurs, but the death pushes the offence category to manslaughter.
Seriously, just watch this: [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hwMPFDqyfrA](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hwMPFDqyfrA)
I think the answer to why they don't bring up this argument is because it goes against Democratic and international policy on corruption.
I think there are probably corner cases where you do something that's obviously dangerous but is so uncommon that there isn't a specific law against it.
> Wait a minute, isn't that what we do all the time?
No, he reports to the DOJ who reports to the President.
It was as obvious in May as it was in July that Biden had presidential aspirations.
Why does that mean the penalty should be harsher?
She has used more harsh words at me.
Vehicular manslaughter is (generally) the crime or recklessly causing the death of another person while operating a vehicle.
**"I started this investigation long before he was a candidate," he said.
The reason you worded them that way is because they are all open questions, one that you fill in with what seems like an obvious answer.
The American government certainly wouldn't outsource an investigation to country that the American president believes to be corrupt.
$300/week at 20 hours/week implies you're making over twice the federal minimum wage right now and around as much as I believe Bernie's looking to raise the minimum to.
I mean, Depending on what your doing, your job is probably already at risk to being lost to a robot.
How does that make it better?
* 
There may be ways to mitigate local impacts by distributing the aerosols or in locations/seasons when climate cycles rely on regional cooling.
She's been around and has lived on her own for years, taken care of a house, had jobs, been in other romantic relationships, etc.
The timing is bad because Biden is running for President.
Why does there need to be a victim?
And wording can have an impact.
Conan has 45 Clueless Gamer segments uploaded on YouTube including the one you just linked.
No reputable pollster would only recruit participants at a Trump rally
Just.
The second compelling argument is that it creates a moral hazard against greenhouse gas reduction.
you came up with an example
If you would like to appeal, review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&subject=Rule+2+Appeal+psfrtps&message=psfrtps+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/esdenk/-/ff9b389/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted.
Also I never meant that people should just go around describing people for no apparent reason.
While a lot of questions are hard to put in an unbiased way, such as asking about your views on abortion, political ones are relatively easier because you're just asking them to compare a number of options all on equal footing.
Possible.
> My view is that driving like an asshole/idiot is a crime and should have criminal consequences.
[removed]
Edit to add:
Easy!
Like at work.
I now work for Fedex and make good money for very little hours , as opposed to working 3 weeks to make $300 I now make that much in a week.
Basically, punching someone *really hard* should be more of a crime than punching someone *a little bit*.
"I started it in November of 2018, solely for one single purpose, because I'm \[Trump's\] defense lawyer and it exonerates him.
> So the idea is that the previous administration was so corrupt that it wasn't worth it to even bother getting them to investigate corruption, but not so corrupt that we needed to have any concern about the aid money we were sending them.
Recklessness requires you to knowingly disregard an substantial and unjustified risk to human safety.
This already happens?
House democrats failed to pursue that option before charging the president with a political crime, not a statutory one.
By law in most developed countries, , an employer can't discriminate based upon a protected set of grounds: race, gender, etc.
There are certain behaviours that are considered proper for a woman and other's that aren't.
I couldn't reach it at all.
Additionally, switching to electric cars will help speed along weening our society off of its dependence on oil and other fossil fuels.
But if you're an honest person, you will have to admit that, at minimum, it looks like a conflict of interest.
Leave them with their problems.
Also - as a kind of thought experiment why don't I make the counter-argument and we can see how you argue the point?
Trump spoke to him on July 25, 2019.
Well, women noticed this, for themselves.
It seems like a perfect comprimize.
I've read about political organizations with money, starting their own "polling data & analysis" companies, who end up not only skewing the poll results to be favorable for the party who hired them (ie: their own party), and make a shit ton of money off of them in the process.
The opposite is true, and it is up to you to prove your innocence.
Intentionally running someone over with your car is murder.
For instance, a key piece of the Democrats' argument has been that Trump did not actually give a shit about corruption in Ukraine.
Unless you actually fuck mothers.
Furthermore, switching to electric cars while also switching away from coal-fired power plants are not mutually exclusive.
It's impossible to distinguish a bad luck vs criminal negligence.
First, corruption *existing* in Ukraine is either here nor there.
There isn't some government agency to  determine that however, and it would be ridiculous and far too subjective a task to try to determine what the educational requirements for every job listing is.
Having a high paying job he wasn't qualified for because of his last name?
> In the situation you describe, your negligence (dangerous driving) caused death.
Law isn't just based on what something has been done, but also to the degree it has hurt someone, otherwise you're just going to end up with too lax or too severe punishments and that's not what law is meant to do.
The workers that work in these mines that extract these metals also face a huge health risk which is worrying.
A lot of your concerns, however, aren't really accurate to how polling works.
Why would content makers spend that large amount of money to design separate products just for a smaller foreign market?
exhibit A ladies and gentelman.
Also, how do you define "rude"?
It took Democrats weeks to say that was the case.
So electric cars put more energy in the bin that is possible to get away from fossil fuels.
Yovanovitch, who was widely recognized as a champion in fighting corruption,163 disparaged her
Fifth, he's been less than cooperative about the whole thing - where's are the recordings and verbatim for example?
Would it be safe to say that the guy is maybe...inexperienced and should listen to and learn from the girl?
most sales, customer service roles that face people), a degree shouldn't be an asset, as experience and behavior are far better measures of success than a piece of paper.
We no longer teach young girls to be passive and housebound to the extent we used to.
There are varying degrees of recklessness, which may be hard to distinguish by external observers.
Suddenly, just a few weeks ago, the House announced it would begin an impeachment inquiry and push for a final vote in just a matter of weeks.
Fine it is.
They use this to adjust for gender, race, age, but traditionally have not used education level to weight their results.
If they talk about him too much, the GOP side will just say "if you're so concerned about Hunter Biden, just bring him in as a witness".
However, I think generally speaking, it is almost never conversationally appropriate to call someone stupid, or fat, or mentally ill.
>The first valid legal argument is that the president isn't being charged with any statutory violation.
Fat, selfish, distractible... Other examples would be crazy, irresponsible, gluttonous... We all have flaws and there's a bunch of different words we can use to describe those flaws.
The executive branch does not, repeat does not run the FBI.
We still tell boys, intentionally or otherwise, that they shouldn't cry, that their feelings don't matter.
I'm saying it should be okay and that a discussion should follow.
You haven't explained anything.
In the modern era women's roles have largely been freed up.
A lot of this has to do with taking gasoline out of the equation.
Trump can't have it both ways: either Ukraine was too corrupt to give aid to, or they weren't and we wanted their help investigating Americans.
If you say it's just "mean"...please explain what "mean" is.
I'm not weighing on the validity of the allegations, I'm just stating what the case is.
For oil, that means getting it out of the ground, refining it, transporting it to a local gas station, and then burning it in a car.
Regardless, I agree with you on this point.
In any case, if polls do not reflect reality, how come most of the major polls tend to agree with each other?
Suppose for a second that Viktor Shokin wasn't actually corrupt, or was corrupt but just this was a hit-job by other corrupt politicians.
The guy doesn't have experience in any of those things and has shown to not be able to handle these things.
Vehicular Manslaughter doesn't apply to accidents.
I'm just not necessarily saying it's all about the word "stupid".
', we don't care about 'racism' black people face since we didn't enslaved them nor many black people actually live here or we don't have a weird fetish about putting a gay person in every show because of 'representatation' or censoring games which has sexual content while extreme violance is completely fine and dandy.
This is an example of racism and homophobia in those countries, not political correctness in the USA.
Doesn't it seem suspect that 5 year old supposed corruption only got Trump's attention when he needed something to use as a distraction?
national security advisors and did not mention corruption at all—even though the purpose of the
> Just to be clear, this allegation is baseless.
Just as for women, there are certain behaviours that are considered proper for a man and other's that aren't.
Unlike a complex issue like abortion where you don't ever verify your results, pollsters do get a chance every time the actual results come in to see how close they were to reality for many types of election polling.
The company would also get backlash for trying to "hide" it \*and\* get backlash from the other half of the crowd for explicitly sanitizing the American version.
Or what?
my main problem is shows that are done with woke propaganda in mind and are ruined by it.
Sondland admitted a quid pro quo was in place.
>But we shouldn't just treat every situation as intentional just in case.
>Since when do presidents double as investigators?
>Rest of the world used to consume American Entertainment but in last decade it seems companies forgot that they market their product to whole world not just USA.
9.
We don't.
Now biologically, with equivalent lifestyles, men are stronger than women.
How could you possibly know they are stupid as a 100% truth?
>Because in one case your misjudgements resulted in no loss of life, but a warning must be given regardless.
Simply because the male role has it's advantages (respect, authority, dignity) doesn't mean it doesn't have it's disadvantages and this has been left out of the discussion.
In fact, as a new leader, President Zelensky has an interest in knowing if there is corruption affecting his government and doing something about it.
(Psychology) intense hatred or fear of homosexuals or homosexuality
Please note that a change of view doesn't necessarily mean a reversal, or that the conversation has ended.
He, as far as i'm aware, ran with the idea that he would remove corruption; draining the swamp if you will.
WHY WAS HE ASKING THE PRESIDENT OF UKRAINE TO INVESTIGATE AMERICAN CITIZENS?
There's also one more thing that you need to keep in mind.
**The FBI Director is appointed for a single 10-year term by the** **President of the United States** and confirmed by the Senate.
I just believe it shouldn't be this way.
Have you heard the term Toxic Masculinity?
So in essence, what you have is a political process (impeachment) that is being pursued on a strictly partisan basis alleging no *criminal* activity within the articles voted on.
Only after Joe Biden announced his candidacy and Trump viewed him as a political threat.
The obvious exceptions to this argument are highly-skilled and technical positions.
* Even more, the actual results of a poll can be reported any way they want you to see them.
Generally, when a country is trying to overcome corruption, they have to investigate.
That's why pollsters usually weight liberal/progressive responders higher in polls, because most quality polls are conducted mainly through landlines (the Internet is notoriously hard to poll).
Besides, pollsters need to attempt to be as accurate as possible, otherwise they'll lose their reputation as good pollsters and fall out of favor.
This is partially correct, but is a problem with the media, not pollsters.
You have all the economic power and mobility.
> Waiting a couple months to let Zelensky get his feet on the ground before broaching the issue seems reasonable to me.
Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
This film was very, very poorly done and based on the marketing clearly just a cash grab for the PC crowd.
That he will only be loved if he can provide something, that above all else he must limit his own desires and natural emotions in order to fulfil the role of strong protector.
They are still the protectors.
If a foreign leader had taken office in 2014 and suspected corruption involving the Obama administration, wouldn't it make sense for them to wait until 2016 and see if a different administration took over that would actually be interested in uncovering the corruption.
You'll find that they're careful about sampling and processing the data, about the ways they ask the questions, how choices are given when relevant, etc.
Confirmed: 1 delta awarded to /u/HeWhoShitsWithPhone ([97∆](/r/changemyview/wiki/user/HeWhoShitsWithPhone)).
That's just the risk they took, entirely out of their own free will.
Polling organizations are supposed to be neutral and just conduct the research.
And why?
The Bidens aren't Ukrainian.
If the effects of say sulfur aerosols released in the the antarctic harms wildlife mildly, but the effects of reduced ice flows hurts it more, then this action should be taken.
DOESN'T THIS RAISE RED FLAGS FOR ANY TRUMP SUPPORTER?
historical movies should respect historical fact and not put any race for diversity.
But why should we, as a society, create a lottery if it's not necessary?
Thanks for all of that detail.
Even stars of the show say that the show cannot happen again because of current climate on USA and I can perfectly see why.
We are already used to consume American Entertainment and we loved it.
>Interest in the situation in the Ukraine predated Biden's presidential campaign launch.
**
The alleged corruption isn't ongoing.
One should be able to decide solely based on his/her interests.
Trump's own appointees confirmed the illegal quid pro quo, so trying to argue that is like trying to put toothpaste back into the tube.
He was wholly uninterested until Biden announced his candidacy 4 years after the fact
It is the only means of holding a criminal president accountable, since DOJ policy states a sitting president can't be indicted.
For example, your comments about how if Trump being polled by people from San Francisco ignores the fact that pollsters will weight certain categories of people differently than others, knowing that their sample group is likely biased.
I tried to stick my hand in and reached for the sock but the area was just way too narrow.
There is no "law" defining obstruction of congress.
Trying to claim otherwise now only serves to weaken the Republican argument even more & make them appear even more crooked.
That rightfully has punishments associated with it more severe than the punishment for the negligent act alone.
Confirmed: 1 delta awarded to /u/AnythingApplied ([255∆](/r/changemyview/wiki/user/AnythingApplied)).
Not quite, but not far off.
And if you can't do that, which you can't, because I didn't write any emails saying that I wanted to kill a bunch of people, then I get off scot free.
If placing more responsibility does reduce the number of traffic accidents than placing the responsibility on pedestrians for example.
To a 20th century woman a successful man showed her the ways she wasn't free, she didn't see the ways in which the man was a slave.
If you ND into the floor at the range, you'll be yelled at and probably kicked out.
Much of the time they are depicted in ways that would be considered traditionally masculine.
Undoubtedly.
Then my friend, who is a foot taller than me, and a bit overweight, AFTER watching me do this...wants to try.
EDIT:
>maybe witnesses saw you turn the car towards them   
Forget the timing and the foreign aid and everything else for a second.
Feel free to google other news about Ukraine prior to April 2019 and you'll find plenty of sources, dating back years.
he identified.
If you drive like an asshole/idiot but it doesn't affect anyone else (say, alone on a desolate road in the middle of nowhere Montana), where's the victim?
A US president should not be asking another country's president to announce an investigation into US citizens.
Fighting climate change is a free rider problem.
Δ
Well first of all, because Ukraine interfered in the 2016 election.
Waiting a couple months to let Zelensky get his feet on the ground before broaching the issue seems reasonable to me.
>WHY WOULD TRUMP ASK A COUNTRY HE SUSPECTS IS CORRUPT FOR AN INVESTIGATION?
Since the information Trump asked Zelensky to look for is *in the Ukraine*, it has to go through the Ukrainians.
National sovereignty matters, and outside a specifically negotiated legal agreement stating otherwise, law enforcement from one nation has no business conducting an investigation in another country.
If you have no relevant work experience, then a degree just shows your worthy of a potential chance.
That is a confirmed fact.
>WHY WOULD TRUMP ASK A COUNTRY HE SUSPECTS IS CORRUPT FOR AN INVESTIGATION?
I mean one of them is African Folklore and one of them is Polish Folklore and both are fantasy based universes.
Not saying to someone looking at a dress that they are too fat to fit in a dress so they shouldn't buy it.
Men can be teachers and nurses.
I wasn't on my phone or anything, I just sort of ... didn't parse that a light was there.
Maybe if there was some weird reflection on the lights that made the Green look illuminated you could argue Honest and Reasonable Mistake of Fact, but it'd be a hard sell * .
), except now we're not even trying to direct it.
* Figures out how reliable the polling company is and gives them extra weight or diminished weight based on historical accuracy
I'm not talking about blame or morals, I'm talking about what the law should be.
> BUT HOW IS UKRAINIAN CORRUPTION BEING CURBED BY INVESTIGATIONS INTO AMERICAN CITIZENS?
**It is perfectly reasonable to hold both views but most (all afaik) societies mix both systems and this is also not "wrong".
The value they measure is something called "elasticity" which tells you for what percent increase of minimum wage you'd expect to see what percent decrease in jobs.
First, I don't know why I threw gerrymandering in there.
I didn't think it was real, it was just a prank bro, so I'll just do the 20 hours community service.
>WHY ELSE BESIDES BIDEN ANNOUNCING HIS CANDIDACY WOULD TRUMP SUDDENLY  MAKE A BIG STINK ABOUT SOMETHING HE KNEW ABOUT BUT DIDN'T SEEM TO BE  CONCERNED UNTIL HE FELT HIS REELECTION WAS THREATENED?
Well then, I guess I've earned that delta.
In the your actual case you simply missed a red light.
With that qualifier, I at least mostly agree.
The only acceptable solution to prevent future climate change is to close the loop on our civilization's carbon cycle and to use extra photosynthesis or carbon capture to bring the atmospheric CO2 levels back down.
https://www.google.com/amp/s/fee.org/articles/ontario-s-minimum-wage-hike-has-been-disastrous-especially-for-disabled-workers//amp
I didn't say with or without anything.
It probably makes me a 'racist' in the eyes of you but I don't think I'm.
EDIT: I'm not sure but the title should probably be something like: "insulting" someone should be okay if it's true
So what might be a statement of fact to you might not be for another.
So in those cases where you do it in the worst way possible and kill someone, it makes sense to punish more severely.
We easily can replicate that, we just grow algae and throw it into a landfill!
No-one has said this before, so I fear it may be more of a local law terminology and called something else in other countries - but here in Australia, we have **Absolute Liability** and **Strict Liability** offences.
Unlike a lot of politically biased journalism and media, polling has a discrete outcome that you can judge it against.
Thats when he started to do oppo research, and then came upon this potential corruption.
I mean companies are already doing things like that.
2.
>'m open to valid legal arguments, but not to the typical Trumpian schoolyard antics.
I agree we should study it for two reasons: one, to better understand how various inputs actually change the environment versus how we assume they do now, and two, because we could use geoengineering to improve biodiversity in various regions that currently suffer from low life density.
> Why does there need to be a victim?
We actually have a number of studies done that try to measure this.
stop the BS, i don't have anything against any race, but they put them everywhere even when it doesn't make sense at all like in the witcher, the tv show viking was accused of being racist because there was no black in it, like wtf blacks amongs vikings ?
This only became of avid interest to him after Biden announced his candidacy.
> WHY WOULD TRUMP ASK A COUNTRY HE SUSPECTS IS CORRUPT FOR AN INVESTIGATION?
As a new president who ran on an anti-corruption platform, Zelensky had no need to "prove" to Trump that he was "worthy" of the already-Congressionally-approved aid.
tasked with combating corruption in Ukraine and elsewhere.165
Rest of the world used to consume American Entertainment but in last decade it seems companies forgot that they market their product to whole world not just USA.
He never made this accusation publicly or privately to our knowledge Ukrainian corruption was not on Trump's radar.
Bob drove drunk once, and happened to kill someone.
Solicitation of foreign interference in the US election is also alleged.
BUT HOW IS UKRAINIAN CORRUPTION BEING CURBED BY INVESTIGATIONS INTO *AMERICAN CITIZENS?
Now, it's 100% possible that what Biden did was completely on the up and up.
You may as well make the same argument for gun safety.
>BUT HOW IS UKRAINIAN CORRUPTION BEING CURBED BY INVESTIGATIONS INTO *AMERICAN CITIZENS?
Third, stopping the aid as a pressure tactics hurts international policy goals, while poking huge holes in the idea that Zelensky is the anti-corruption paladin.
Because you can't get those films into theaters in places like China, India, and Indonesia.
DOESN'T TRUMP HAVE A WHOLE DOJ AT HIS DISPOSAL TO INVESTIGATE ANY AMERICAN CITIZEN?
No.
Job adverts always put down higher requirements than the minimum they'd accept, to try and deter people who are just spam-applying to everything that even vaguely applies to them.
Men are desperate and most women still believe we live in a society that is sexist against women.
He's saying it's justified.
Which carries a far higher punishment than vehicular manslaughter.
And the next time that same party needs a poll to support one of their objectives, they hire them again.
So like on that first point, there's no evidence to say Trump only cared once Biden announced his candidacy.
So in those cases where you do it in the worst way possible and kill someone, it makes sense to punish more severely.
](https://www.eia.gov/tools/faqs/faq.php?id=427&t=3) Since you used terms like "boot space" I'm guessing you're in the UK, and they only got [9% of their energy from coal in 2016.
Every black character in Witcher Netflix show are out of place.
Put cholera in a city's water supply?
1) No one makes you watch.
I disagree that it explains the delay.
If I were POTUS, that's how I'd have done it.
There would still be victims in this case.
And then got rewarded by having his son handed a cushy job.
> **Don't be rude or hostile to other users.
i mean, if you make 7 bucks an hour, i'd be pretty worried.
Trump has never been shy about making accusations of corruption.
Arguments about the time it takes to work through courts are fairly easily dismiss not only because courts can fast-track cases, but also because house democrats themselves delayed in sending the articles to the senate, and now insisting on prolonging the rules debate by introducing every rule amendment separately and unnecessarily  prolong the process.
**"I started this investigation long before he was a candidate," he said.
Insults are bad because the *undermine the thing you're trying to say*.
She can be a CEO if she really wants to (although there is still a glass ceiling) at the same time she can take time off work at look after her children.
"I lost control of the steering wheel".
Again, if everyone only sought out the data and reasoning behind it, it would be great.
fat for no reason.
The margin is far bigger than what would be left by the change in minimum wage.
Trump has been president for three years and hasn't how did he concerned about Ukraine or Joe Biden or his son.
Do you think fat people don't know they are fat?
You have to actually *provide the evidence*.
But if the candidate you say has a 70% chance of winning wins every time, that isn't what a 70% chance looks like.
If corruption is an issue in another country, one way to deal with it is point it out when that happens and pressure them to keep it clean.
First, and the big one, it is *possible* to scale large-scale power generation to renewable sources, where it is not possible to do that for car-scale power generation.
[\[Source Wikipedia\]](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Director_of_the_Federal_Bureau_of_Investigation)
That is basically the definition of manslaughter.
None of the plot lines of any of those stories would have to change if the race of any of the characters changed (contrasted to something like Luke Cage, where a \*very\* central theme of the show involves race relations).
They spent 13 hours discussing the need for witnesses, not the evidence they already have.
Heck, I would suspect it would even be \*worse\* than just releasing the international version as the only version.
The law school lesson on this is when you go to sleep and there is no snow on your lawn oh, but you wake up to find snow on your lawn, despite not having seen the snow fall Make his case.
And it was.
I have not heard the point made that Trump only began to care about Ukraine and Burisma after Joe Biden announced his candidacy.
if they like to push each other poo good for them but none of that shit for me.
There ought to be harsher penalties for irresponsible driving even when it doesn't cause an accident as a preventative measure, but that would require a lot more traffic policing, when cops often have other things to do.
It often isn't because of what you *learned* from that degree but from what having that degree (or not having it) says about the applicant.
But sex shouldn't play a role in choice nor selection of candidates.
>two men kissing is very repulsive and i shouldn't have to witness that regularly on tv when i've basically never seen that in real life, its not representative of society, its just propaganda.
If I punch the air right now, it is legal.
Do you think he should face more charges than just petty theft?
Are you saying that I should be allowed to fire a gun randomly into a crowd, and as long as I happen not to hit anyone, everything is fine?
**
You seem to be mistaken about where Trump suspected the corruption to be.
>A girl just moved in with a guy.
Then why companies american companies are woke?
What you're saying is that we should be punishing the intention, not the act.
It seems like the blanket argument for "weeding out" candidates is to plaster on a degree requirement for jobs, because then, at least those without degrees can be eliminated.
But you're playing the odds.
I'm also not sure what it has to do with my original view.
This may be an example of a type carbon sequestration which could be replicated on an industrial scale.
CMV: Running a red light should carry the same penalty as manslaughter.
Women are given more work leave than men.
>Asking the new president who ran with an anti-corruption platform to investigate corruption isn't exactly crazy.
I don't think people are really thinking about their criminal liability in the rare case that they get in a fatal accident.
There are some distribution losses, of course, but my understanding is that electric vehicles are, per-unit-energy, more carbon efficient than internal combustion engines.
interest in corruption in Ukraine, and in prior years he approved military assistance to Ukraine
[-0.2](https://www.frbsf.org/economic-research/files/el2015-37.pdf).
I gave a few examples in my post.
>calling someone stupid should be okay if it's true **and conversationally appropriate**
Some pollsters know what they're doing and want to portray reality truthfully rather than support one side or the other, and other pollsters (which I would argue are the minority) are less qualified and might have some partisan leanings.
By removing deterrent and punishment from bad luck-esq actions, you also removed a huge part of negligence or even straight up criminal behavior.
Why wouldn't they be able to access records or question witnesses?
Punishments are measured as to be the best possible compromise between deterrent and fairnes (which we call justice in law).
They don't need to impress anyone else.
By the by your example above is not manslaughter or vehicular manslaughter.
Why would you actively choose to compromise art?
There was a 0% chance that my punch would have killed anyone.
Joe Biden allegedly got a former Ukrainian prosecutor fired for having just that suspicion.
I read on the internet that it's good for you, I just wanted to make everyone healthy, so I'll take a medal instead.
The courtroom does not work like the internet.
But every people have their own distinct and contradictory issues with American films.
Investigation is not conviction.
If someone is distractible, they should be okay being called distractible.
I'm talking about the same movie, shows, games...etc
I'm *glad* I left shitty jobs.
i don't fear or hate homosexuals.
Truthfully, you're just rewording a lot of the same arguments that they are in fact making.
All of this makes sense, but I don't think it shows why the *penalty* should be so much higher if someone happens to die.
We'd all like to do it, but we don't cos it doesn't help anything.
Hunter Biden had no great reason that anyone can think of to be on that board of directors (he had no special knowledge or insight regarding that country or industry), which naturally causes you to wonder if he got that job because his father was VPOTUS.
Now, the NY Times is hardly a "right wing" source.
But we shouldn't just treat every situation as intentional *just in case*.
Are you familiar with the legal concepts of *mens rea* and *actus reus* - respectively, "the guilty mind" and "the guilty act"?
I agree with most of your comment.
However, that makes basically everything have minute punishment, because no matter what you can do, you can defend yourself by saying that it was an accident and there's nothing the prosecution can do to disprove that short of you handing them hard evidence of malicious aforethought (which you're not going to do cos it'd be stupid).
Why should we take on the added risk of geoengineering?
\- the emissions by electricity generation keep decreasing, not just as renewables increase, but with the shift away from coal to natural gas
But say a pedestrian was there, and I'd hit and killed them.
**"It shows there was a lot more collusion in Ukraine than in Russia and that Joe Biden materially assisted in getting some of that covered up, and also by the way got his son out and got a five billion dollar crooked oligarch free who is now running around Ukraine thanking Joe Biden," he charged.
If he is guilty of some wrongdoing, I don't think Democrats are adverse to that being brought up, as long as there's some substance behind the accusation.
On the whole I think our standards are fucking abysmal.
Does that make you feel better about yourself?
They might not be dead or shot, but they'd still be victims.
Why try?
So it's not like it's a secret that there were problems over there.
We need equality in choice.
There is, in this article, and assumption of abuse that dismisses any possible exculpatory explanation.
That last thing is the key.
u/psfrtps – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 2: 
The attitude towards higher learning isn't that university is essential or you're going to have a hard time surviving, it's that you go if you want to enter a field that is useful and in-demand.
My question is why is it "bad" to use "insults"?
I wasn't on my phone or anything, I just sort of ... didn't parse that a light was there.
> Throw a grenade inside a post office?
i don't have any hate for homosexuals they can do whatever they want i don't care but it doesn't change the fact that seeing two men kissing is very repulsive and i shouldn't have to witness that regularly on tv when i've basically never seen that in real life, its not representative of society, its just propaganda.
I imagine raising minimum wage would cause companies to either use more robots or downsize.
Okay, loading the dishwasher is actually a pretty complex tetris like game, and kids are bad at it.
Giant gaming companies and Hollywood studios routinely censor themes and material because they fear offending more socially and politically conservative international audiences and not being able to get past the censors in those countries, especially China.
> The philosophical problem you're describing is also known as "moral luck".
I agree there may be unintended consequences, but think that is a compelling reason why it should be highly funded and aggressively researched.
I don't know where you get this idea that a country with ongoing shows like It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia, Family Guy, and South Park is going to blacklist Conan over some boob jokes about a video game.
Waiting in your car in a hot day with the AC running uses only power for the AC instead of wasting most of it through heat as a gasoline engine does.
Perhaps iron fertilization causes significant levels of ocean acidification, but sulfer aerosols released in the antarctic cause only minor detriment to wildlife.
Now they are faced with the visualization of being too fat.
Actually most content created by American companies is more censored because of the international market, not vice-versa.
So (**simplified** because there are philosophical variants) if someone would drive over a red light it would only be a crime if he hits someone.
Several of the potential methodologies are directly analogous to natural phenomena.
Quite to the contrary.
As someone who works only 20 hours a week on average with people who have decades of seniority over me, I'm 90% certain I will be on the first to be let go.
If not for the whistle blower, he might've just gotten what he wanted no problem.
Vehicular manslaughter exists because drivers have to pay attention when driving and if they don't, they shouldn't walk away from killing someone with the same fine that someone who just ran a red light gets.
I just think it's important to have a discussion about it to try to get closer to the truth.
They weren't making direct arguments towards Trump's guilt, instead focusing on how their evidence from the House hearings makes Trump appear guilty and there should be more evidence in the trial to give them more detail.
The same action may be present in both cases, but the consequences differ drastically, and that is something the court takes into account.
* Figures out if the polling company has historical bias and adjusts for that
Being stupid isn't just some overall explanation for how someone acts or reacts to things, that defines them entirely.
However , how little hours I get on a normal basis makes me believe I may lose my job if Bernie becomes president and raises minimum wage.
It was ZELENSKY who was president when Trump withheld the aid on supposed suspicion of corruption and it was ZELENSKY who Trump asked to announce an investigation.
Witcher universe is explicitly not the real world.
When you are expressing your opinions you usually have to think how you are presenting it.
Hardly, but just because someone is stupid at one thing, doesn't mean they're entirely stupid.
Maybe if they are a politician running for office, but even then, more specific criticism is going to be better.
I don't even need that much.
In the short-term, it is still better to drive an all electric vehicle than gas, because of heat efficiency.
At the very least, a degree is an indicator that they're more likely to be promotable.
It appears that Trump wanted to create the appearance of Ukraine choosing to launch an investigation all on their own without any visible US ass-puppetry.
Just curious; are you defending countries like China, where films are routinely banned for containing homosexuality and dissenting political themes?
I don't see why that's a problem.
Like i post on /r/advice a lot, and this kid was talking about how her mom calls her stupid because she loads the dishwasher wrong.
you can't use the fact that defendants are using procedural roadblocks as evidence of their guilt
But it's still relatively efficient compared to using a truck to transport oil.
goal—bolstering his reelection efforts.1
She's been around and has lived on her own for years, taken care of a house, had jobs, been in other romantic relationships, etc.
I called you stupid, and because of it, your entire attitude changed, and it rendered the entire rest of my post worthless.
That being said, there is nothing wrong with the \*premise\* of women ghostbusters, its just that it was a poorly made film.
But you must make at least close to the proposed minimum since you say you make good good money.
Certain things he is expected to do and not to do.
The problem is that the Democrats need to fill those in using actual evidence such as witness testimony, documents, etc.
Africa, India, China, and other developing countries will continue to grow and increase global greenhouse gas emissions.
Is there a crime alleged that Joe Biden committed?
You're arguing a technicality about an out-of-context quote.
I think people should talk about things without resorting to retaliation, and figure shit out together.
**
In today's modern society there is no more justification for exclusively male or female roles.
They call this the glass cellar, you don't hear much about it.
Why are some words unacceptable?
Geoengineering is on a global scale.
We may invent new forms of geoengineering to do this, like by greening the Sahara, but the current methods being looked at will only exacerbate the issue.
Look at the TV shows like Office.
So I'm not disagreeing with you that polls **just like all statistics** are often misused for spin.
The world is a public good from which all individuals and countries benefit.
PC Culture is not a thing
In short, Vehicular Manslaughter **is** a crime **because** it is no different to other negligence-causing-death crimes.
And is it only Ukrainian corruption he's concerned about?
Most people take what I understand to be apprenticeships, which are selective, 2-3 year programs for specific fields and trades.
WHY ELSE BESIDES BIDEN ANNOUNCING HIS CANDIDACY WOULD TRUMP SUDDENLY MAKE A BIG STINK ABOUT SOMETHING HE KNEW ABOUT BUT DIDN'T SEEM TO BE CONCERNED UNTIL HE FELT HIS REELECTION WAS THREATENED?
I believe that "insults" are mainly a social construct nowadays.
I doubt electric transmission loss accounts for that much energy consumption.
Yes, the outcomes are different.
In the second case, your misjudgement *did* result in loss of life and so you should pay the full penalty for the recklessness of your actions.
But let's say Trump is able to force the FBI to investigate anyone he wants them to - why then would he not force them to investigate the Bidens?
Corrupt bureaucrats tend to grow tendrils into their government that can operate independently of the official power structure, at least for a while.
Ugh.
When you lump multiple different crimes into the same punishment, you have to punish all of those crimes as you would the worst of them, otherwise you create a situation where the punishment for a serious crime is so low that there's basically no penalty at all.
Even if all Western countries adopt the appropriate level of reduction using various economic and political methods.
Except it goes beyond mere timing is the problem.
Circumstantial evidence is allowed in courts.
But the fact that someone died was just unlucky and shouldn't cause the punishment to be significantly harsher.
in the announcement of the investigations because that announcement would accomplish his real
I think it would be fairly easy to convince a jury beyond a reasonable doubt that those explanations are bullshit.
If you aren't worried about automation in a world where Sanders doesn't win, then you shouldn't be worried about automation in a world where he does win.
Sometimes I see videos on reddit of somebody driving like an asshole/idiot and getting in an accident that results in someone's death.
If you were speeding and hit someone, you get charged for hitting someone.
Furthermore, Trump's claim that his inquiry to Zelensky about the Bidens was made out of Trump's sudden desire to root out Ukraine corruption, right?
Where an electric car is polluting indirectly via the energy used to charge the car, gasoline powered cars are like triple (or more) polluters.
How would it look if Putin called Trump and said he wanted Trump to announce an investigation into Putin's political rival?
I'm not sure you understand how the law works.
For example, a sock fell in this hard to reach spot once.
or would you ask her, "mom, you should lose some weight?"
He did the thing Democrats accuse him of - he's just saying it wasn't wrong for him to have withheld the aid and then hiding all of the evidence that proves it WAS wrong.
That helps, right?
That seems like the same thing to me.
We both know that's not reality.
By accident, all I mean is that you didn't intend for anyone to get hurt.
The first is unintended consequences.
The DOJ has very little authority to run their own investigation there and, at a minimum, would require the cooperation of the Ukrainian government.
Field observations can only be done in real time, i.e.
Taking a few steps out of the equation and eliminating gasoline from the whole thing reduces emissions.
> I believe it's main purpose is to influence undecided voters to vote one way or another
That would be the equivalent to my asshole/idiot driver.
In addition, as more people move towards electric vehicles, there will be more and more once rice for other people to follow suit, and more push for greener energy.
It's like the dials just move up and down at a whim, depending on what makes for a better answer.
You're just not worth it.
Then it's accurate.
Operating under the jurisdiction of the United States Department of Justice, the FBI is also a member of the U.S. Intelligence Community and reports to both the Attorney General and the Director of National Intelligence, not to the president.
Even if Biden is guilty as sin, I'd want Trump out also.
Instead, it will proceed on a record composed of a **relatively small number of witnesses with largely second-hand knowledge of the position.
The guy doesn't have experience in any of those things and has shown to not be able to handle these things.
It was the administration before him.
Maybe my wording wasn't the greatest, I'm sorry.
And they are making these arguments in roundabout ways, but that's not the way America understands legal arguments.
My arm didn't fit.
A few months ago, I ran a red light.
Trump saw in Zelensky someone who might actually be interested in rooting out the corruption.
It seems now the value of a bachelor's degree is the equivalent of what a high school diploma was before.
>The Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation is the head of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, the United States' primary federal law enforcement agency, and is responsible for its day-to-day operations.
Then, this could be done in a remote part of the open ocean with buoys or drones positioned to take samples at various depths and at various distances.
But it's also a political question, and you'll see many people arguing and cherry-picking data to prove their point, eg.
Etc.
Yes they do that as well.
The stupid people, if you want to call them that, can still do a lot, but they are slower and they can't tackle the more complex problem.
It would have looked like obstruction if he had went public before Mueller concluded his investigation.
At my last food job, although I absolutely hated fucking dealing with customers sometimes I could tell I was valuable as I doing everything for everyone when 2-3 of those kids decided to call out or take an hour break.
He didn't withhold aid from the previous Administration, he withheld aid from the new one
They may coordinate with the FBI, and there are treaties that help that happen.
Traffic offences are generally strict liability; you don't mean to run a Red Light, but that doesn't make it any less hazardous.
The implication is that Joe Biden interfered in the Ukrainian investigation.
If most of the electricity generated was by hydropower plants then I can agree that we can bring the emission levels down all around the world but when most of the electricity is generated by coal how does that even help?
Burisma probably was corrupt, and Joe Biden's son getting a sweet gig with no experience was probably an attempt to curry favor with Biden, I'll stipulate to both those things being true.
Same way I think we deserve better than a president willing to degrade the office help himself politically.
But jokes aside...
\- the less emission in the grid, and the more miles driven, the better the balance for the EV
I tend to disagree with that statement—namely because such a situation doesn't exist and there are far more measures of aptitude for jobs than educational background alone.
In my opinion.
No, he isn't.
May and July are both far enough from the primaries and the elections that this wasn't going to be an "October surprise" kind of issue.
I think we deserve better than Biden in fact.
almost all the time, calling somebody stupid accomplishes nothing.
At a loose definition, manslaughter refers to any case where negligence or criminal conduct leads to an (unintended) loss of life.
He's still furious.
Saying someone is acting stupid, or being stupid, suggests that they're being that way right now, about a certain subject.
*but not really...because isn't Zelensky's alleged corruption the reason they withheld military aid?
** Your comment will be removed even if most of it is solid, another user was rude to you first, or you feel your remark was justified.
They explicitly make this argument in their impeachment trial briefs, and I expect it to be a major theme in their arguments today.
That is not a valid legal argument, it's either misinformed or disingenuous.
Is it emotional abuse?
But when you say inaccurate things about someone in anger as a way to hurt them and nothing else... That in my opinion is a true insult.
Police, prosecutors, judges, and the jury all have multiple levels of discretion that can be applied.
Last, but most glaringly overlooked: the supposed Biden corruption occurred in 2014-2015.
Through Legal Attaché offices, or Legats, FBI personnel work with host country agencies to jointly investigate crimes affecting US citizens and interests.
> DOESN'T TRUMP HAVE A WHOLE DOJ AT HIS DISPOSAL TO INVESTIGATE ANY AMERICAN CITIZEN?
We would not tolerate a foreign country doing that to us any more than they would tolerate us doing that to them.
The investigation wasn't a priority in 2016, 2017, 2018 or May 2019, but it just happened to become pressing when it became convenient?
This has been a masterful display of litigation expertise.
circumstances evidence is allowed in court.
How do you test if a certain technique is going to be harmful on a local, regional, and global scale without actually applying it to a local, regional, and global scale?
If Gillete would release the 'men sucks' advertisement in my country, they would get destroyed instantly.
> Granted I see many Americans complained about it on the internet but their voices are not matter in the eyes of big companies
>WHY ELSE BESIDES BIDEN ANNOUNCING HIS CANDIDACY WOULD TRUMP SUDDENLY MAKE A BIG STINK ABOUT SOMETHING HE KNEW ABOUT BUT DIDN'T SEEM TO BE CONCERNED UNTIL HE FELT HIS REELECTION WAS THREATENED?
The avg person knew it was bullshit.
Science is done through lab experimentation, field observation, and theoretical models.
The
The thing is, I don't know a single Democrat who views Biden as so sacrosanct that they'd do anything to defend him.
If the the punishment varies significantly due to circumstances outside my control, then that doesn't provide any incentive for me to comply with the law.
Should we make 20 different James Bond films, each with a different nationality for the villains.
Folks have hit upon a lot of good arguments that should be able to convince you if the discussion goes deep enough, but there's one glaring thing I haven't noticed anyone else mention:
My little caveat to add is that we should all have done enough personal research to know who we want to vote for, regardless of some inaccurate and biased poll.
For electric cars, at worst it's fossil fuels used to power battery manufacturing, car manufacturing, and charging station manufacturing.
Peace.
It happens, but incredibly rarely.
I don't think so.
They're intentionally trying to avoid bringing Hunter Biden into the conversation.
People are insecure and hate acknowledging their shortcomings.
There's really no necessary connection between these things.
There is no possible justification in reducing the penalty for taking someone's life when it is not necessary.
I see two compelling arguments against such geoengineering.
It proves that Trump was trying to have his 2016 advantage artificially re-enacted.
Does it help them grow faster?
FedEx would be more likely to reduce full time staff to part time before laying off part time staff and keeping full time.
There's an FBI Director who is the head of the FBI.
And what is he supposed to do?
your own definition of homophobia doesn't make a sense at all, biologically sex is meant for reproduction so when two men have a sexual relationship it is just not a natural behavior and feeling bad when seeing this is natural.
That doesn't mean they're 0% accurate and can't be trusted, though.
> In many part of the world, people don't care about racism and homophobia or they see themselves as racist or homophobic like you do guys.
All comments that earned deltas (from OP or other users) are listed [here](/r/DeltaLog/comments/esgvh9/deltas_awarded_in_cmv_political_polls_are_easy_to/), in /r/DeltaLog.
However, no action was taken to impeach.
>Nor does the president of Ukraine have authority to conduct investigations into American citizens not living in Ukraine
Putting in a requirement like a degree helps filter out a lot of those.
In roughly the last twenty years, the number of 25-29 year olds with Bachelor's degrees has increased by [almost 10 percent](https://nces.ed.gov/fastfacts/display.asp?id=27) and is trending up.
Now I don't believe Trump actually cared about that but his story isn't as weak as you claim.
Most people (myself included) go to university and sink tens of thousands of dollars into something that I may not even involve myself in later in life or at all even.
Here's another point to consider; insulting someone out of the gate by way of calling them stupid, isn't productive.
The changes you are suggesting are not simply minor edits or a little CGI.
If someone is fat, they should be okay being called fat.
[removed]
So this would absolutely be an example of Ukrainian corruption in that they're essentially paying Hunter Biden to get Joe Biden push out their own politicians.
Trump's team was likely aware of that and may have decided that the cost of investigating the pre-Zelensky administration was not worth the effort.
But I think I need more evidence than just this hypothetical, which again, seems far-fetched to me.
I personally find it bothersome that people can't look past word choice to see the actual meaning.
Because your decision to drive wrecklessky lead to death.
If the governmetn forces them to pay you an extra dollar, that's like 1000 dollars a year working 20 hours a week.
 Rudy Giuliani 
> The abuse of power allegation is about using the aid appropriated by Congress as a leverage tool against an ally country to get them to put their thumb on the scale of the US election.
There are still expectations on women, the difference is that there has been change over many decades.
For example: A girl just moved in with a guy.
But i don't poke around much with other people.
There are defences for a strict liability offence (eg.
Generally, pollsters release **all** of the data collected in a poll.
Through this lottery, many drivers will get out scot-free (or with minor punishments), while some will be punished for killing someone.
He was wholly uninterested until Biden announced his candidacy 4 years after the fact, then all of a sudden Burisma and Hunter Biden became a big issue for Trump.
That's what I mean by the dials moving and shifting to match whatever most convenient at the time.
Using hemp for paper, rope, cloth and we can make sustainable biodegradable plastics.
Okay but shouldn't the minimum wage at least rise with inflation!
It sounds like you make more now than the "raised" minimum wage so why would it affect you?
I'm just saying in itself.
TL;DR
There's two big holes in there again.
It's still considered strange to be a stay at home dad, men who work with children are seen as suspicious in ways women aren't.
The rest of us have the luxury of conjecture, they do not.
If you get caught speeding, you get a ticket for speeding.
Part of the abuse of power allegation is the stonewalling of a co-equal branch's investigation and the refusal to release documents or allow witness testimony.
It just is?
* It is known that polls can be "skewed" to make a point seem more valid.
They had banned a Palme d'Or winner for depicting homosexuality and suicide, and only released a heavily censored version of the film after caving into pressure.
That's *exactly* my point.
and you know it
We need to free men because both men and women suffer if we don't.
Both men and women can hold toxic views about masculinity.
It's ludicrous to believe that Trump was so concerned about the son of a politician being given a 6 figure job that he wasn't qualified for when his own WH is filled with his kids and the kids of his donors and supporters in high paying jobs they're wholly unqualified to hold.
I think it depends on the context.
there were no job losses, theres wasnt increased inflation.
Unless your position is particularly superfluous or significantly more cost effective to replace, one would expect folks making minimum wage and full-time folks to be on the chopping block ahead of you if your employer actually did make cuts.
I feel like people are simply too immature to look at the meaning of the word and compare themselves and see the flaw and acknowledge it, OR...disagree and have a rational explanation without being blinded by their hurt and resorting to attacking or acting defensively.
The replacement of workers also takes time, it's not going to happen instantly.
But again to clarify, I personally think they require discussion.
7.
her mom was wrong to call her stupid.
to anti-corruption measures beyond the two investigations he was demanding.159 When he first
Hunter Biden at that job in 2015.
Hear me out.
To me, that says Attorney General Barr should have been talking to whoever his Ukrainian counterpart is and that the presidents should have stayed out of it.
That being said it would also be possible for gasoline engines to become efficient enough to be more eco friendly than electric cars if government's weren't pushing so hard for electric vehicles.
Men had political power in the society but in the home women ruled.
When there's a bad movie with all white characters, do you complain about that as well?
The fact of a bystander being hit is strong evidence of a higher degree of recklessness.
Even a stupid person can load a dishwasher with a little practice.
It didn't see the construction worker, the logger, the sewage worker, the fireman, the trucker.
I feel as though people just can't accept certain words.
As a side note, I'll give you this one.
The US should have jurisdiction to investigate an American citizen for fraud or corruption.
Also, here's a link to a study you may want to check out: [No correlation between increased minimum wage and employment levels](https://s27147.pcdn.co/wp-content/uploads/NELP-Data-Brief-Raise-Wages-Kill-Jobs-No-Correlation.pdf)
Why are you even talking to them.
I mean if it's an entry level position the applicants might have little to no job experience at all.
There is also no statutory law defining "abuse of power".
I would argue that especially in positions that require softer skills, like relatability, reading social cues and cooperation (i.e.
In my case, I was lucky and nobody was coming the other way.
So the data we are able to gather, no matter how much money and resources we pump into it, will always be temporally and spatially limited.
Those two statements seem pretty contradictory and an indication that your view has been changed, at least in part.
Recycling is dictated by supply and demand.
Say Alice drove drunk once, and but didn't get in an accident.
How severe blowing a light is depends on a lot of things like your speed, your reaction time to a honk, if you maintained your brakes well, if you swerve out of the way, etc.
Is Ukraine the only corrupt country?
I don't want my games getting censored because some American feminist might get triggered, I don't want American comedians limit themselves because of political correctness, I don't want any social messages about relations in USA.
To be sure they *do* seem suspicious, which is why the impeachment proceedings are happening.
The implication is that Joe Biden interfered in the Ukrainian investigation.
Exact same scenario.
Humor and affirmations of agreement can be contained within more substantial comments.
i just don't want any kind of politic involved when i watch something to have a good time.
I'm not talking solely about the word "stupid".
I believe people just get offended at the use of certain words.
I think more research and more knowledge is always good, and if we can find a route to doing this works and is safe with acceptable risks, THEN we should aggressively do it.
**My actions would have been exactly the same**, so why in one case should I get away with a ticket at worst, and in the other case spend years in jail?
Furthermore even though we have opened the door for women to step into high paying positions we haven't opened one for low paying positions.
Don't read too much into the term "vehicular manslaughter" in the title (coming up with a title that's short, descriptive and 100% accurate is hard).
If the effects of say sulfur aerosols released in the the antarctic harms wildlife mildly, but the effects of reduced ice flows hurts it more, then this action should be taken.
>so why in one case should I get away with a ticket at worst, and in the other case spend years in jail?
When they get done showing you to your desk, could you jump right on this investigation I've been needing to get done for years?"
That could be to a position that does need a degree.
No, that does not change my view.
Pointing out that Biden's cokehead son got a job because his dad was VP is fine, just like pointing out the full on nepotism in Trump having his daughter and son in law working in the white house.
Another issue I've seen is news sources that report every time there is a minor downward fluctuation in Trump's approval ratings.
That no woman will love him unless he has something to show for himself, to give.
I've actually said this in another reply already.
But the FBI can't go overseas and obtain warrants and make arrests.
Since when do presidents double as investigators?
>Before news of former Vice President Biden's candidacy broke, President Trump showed no
I think North Korea has more control over their targeting than that ...
* 
What do you think would happen?
While conversion of vehicles to electrical, and the growing capacity of clean energy sources provides the ideal long term solution, these look to be too expensive for most of the planet to adopt in the next 20 years, so additional mitigating efforts are needed to save the planet.e Scientific consensus on anthroprogenic climate change, and that is precursor of this view which I am not interested in discussing.
We don't need get lectured about social justice since we don't see those things as 'problems'.
They can't get Ukrainian records, question Ukrainian witnesses, things like that.
[See the wiki page for more information](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_5).
Journalists then comb through that data and choose what to report on and what not to report on.
Trump claims to have had contemporaneous knowledge of the supposed Biden "corruption."
Are you superior to them?
You're going to end a lot of people who are in jail who haven't actually caused any harm.
^[Delta System Explained](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/deltasystem) ^| ^[Deltaboards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/deltaboards)
Coal power plants run about 40% efficient constantly.
A decade ago USA entertainment was top notch on everything.
But it isn't necessarily possible to adjust for every possible factor and part of it is just learning as we go and respecting that that is part of why polls have error margins.
That prosecutor was also investigating Burisma, which had hired Joe Biden's son, Hunter Biden.
The changes you want would be changed to casting and plot.
So maybe it's not significantly better now, but it might be in 20 years time as the trend continues.
I put it in quotes because I see no reason not to include the actual label, in this case: stupid.
If there's a reason to investigate, Ukraine will investigate.
These are precisely the sorts of things that his defenders use to defend him.
>Last, but most glaringly overlooked: the supposed Biden corruption occurred in 2014-2015.
Unless you are specifically trying to cause offense, the use of insults only does more harm to the point you're trying to make than good.
If robots were more affordable/practical in your industry, they would already be in use.
The second compelling argument is that it creates a moral hazard against greenhouse gas reduction.
Does that make sense?
So there was importance but not urgency to getting this work done.
Additionally, you are treating it like there is America vs everyone else.
> This is just an assertion and doesn't really get into why as far as I can tell.
You should probably read the book " Games People Play "
As I mentioned, I think Attorney General Barr should have asked Ukrainian Prosecutor General Yuriy Lutsenko to investigate and that Presidents Trump and Zelensky should not have been involved.
He sees her walking.
Egalitarians and feminists on the egalitarium end of the spectrum are already pushing against TM and will continue to do so.
They need to be spelled out the way that I did so that they are for layperson consumption.
Trump uttered nary a peep about it.
Throughout this impeachment process I have had some questions & made some points that seem so salient, yet these issues haven't been brought up or the answers fleshed out in any way.
you are under the impression that only people from america cares about racism, homophobia, sexism, etc etc, thats objectively false, if anything america is often more bigoted.
It's a personal favor for political gain.
Do you have specific reason to believe it would be different for you?
Some philosophers argue that and that is reasonable.
Why is that so offensive?
Just say you lost control of the wheel for a second and you're golden.
But wait!
People do the exact same thing and yet they are rewarded differently based on the result.
>I think that there IS a way to prove that Trump never raised Hunter Biden, Joe Biden or Burisma as a concern prior to Biden announcing his candidacy.
&#x200B;
There is no fun in calling a random person on street "fat".
I have seen where Trump called Zelensky corrupt, although I have heard him say that Ukraine is.
Africa, India, China, and other developing countries will continue to grow and increase global greenhouse gas emissions.
It was and still is (not all Feminism, but for the most part) a biased movement that sees the role men are conditioned to play as a form of male power and male freedom not of male powerlessness and bondage.
Again, doesn't take a genius to see the connection.
I agree with you that many jobs have degree requirements they shouldn't.
A major thing to consider is, why is calling someone fat making them uncomfortable?
I'm becoming more frustrated by the day as  House Democrats neglect to make these points or ask these questions, which corrupt Republicans should be forced to answer.
The economic incentive of all parties is to use the cheapest form of energy, but the best outcome for all parties is the drastic global reduction of carbon, methane, and other greenhouse gasses.
And if you've got a problem with non white people appearing in a tv show... 🤦‍♂️
So, I'm just going to tackle the \*practical\* problem with your idea.
I couldn't do it.
In the second case, those traffic violations cost a life.
There are about 40,000 traffic related deaths on US roads per year- to say nothing of major injuries.
Throw a grenade inside a post office?
Emancipation from what?
To this day men are still seen as the providers.
It's complete horsecrap that doesn't stand up to 15 seconds of scrutiny, but if you view it through that lens then his actions follow from it.
And are we really saying that the difference between May and July is some critical thing for Joe Biden's campaign?
This practice is something that already happens (e.g Mr. Popo)
I mean I was talking about witcher and you ask me a question about Conan which I think I already replied
DOESN'T TRUMP HAVE A WHOLE DOJ AT HIS DISPOSAL TO INVESTIGATE ANY AMERICAN CITIZEN?
These are not criminal statutes because citizens aren't in positions they can abuse for personal gain, only the president is.
Customers were extremely rude sometimes and a lot of times I wish they'd go to the robot to help them.
We do, because society is bi sexist.
Yet it quickly became a key reason why Muller had to be appointed as a special prosecutor and "protected" from the President.
That being said, nobody is suggesting that President Zelensky personally investigate any of this.
Please note that a change of view doesn't necessarily mean a reversal, or that the conversation has ended.
One could say that freely drivers decide to take part in a "lottery" while aware of the possible consequences (severe punishment) that they would receive IF they got into severe enough accidents.
It's on the government to prove that you did it intentionally.
I'm in the middle of a job search to keep afloat until I re-enroll in school again for the fall to complete my bachelors and find myself questioning why it matters SO MUCH to have a 4-yr degree when you apply for a teller position at a bank, or a customer service desk agent or some other customer service-oriented role.
They aren't in every show, like you claim.
Why?
So I can't do any racist things against them even If I wanted.
We haven't had a president with as consistent approval ratings since Nixon.
In the end it's a scientific question that can be answered quite accurately, and EVs are clearly much better than gasoline, and even diesel cars.
So while articles may have been written on it, Trump was not biting.
Interesting, but I'm not quite sure how it's relevant.
I don't disagree that he's corrupt, I'm saying here that he is also in control of the FBI.
Do you think that someone who drives drunk and kills someone should be charged more harshly?
Are the circumstances OP is complaining about also common in those countries?
Until and unless we fully move away from coal we cannot say electric cars are better for the environment.
Hours were already scarce.
Conan has 45 Clueless Gamer segments uploaded on YouTube including the one you just linked.
Pleading the Fifth is the most obvious example, but you can't use anything else like that either.
Sitting on information until it is useful is hardly a crime or an impeachable offense.
i'll make a few points:
I have used "fat" to my sister.
It's not PC, or wrong, to ask to exist in stories.
Last night I was surfing on youtube and watched this conan clip
What starts as an investigation into one thing can end up becoming about something quite different.
I put it in quotes because I see no reason not to include the actual label, in this case: stupid.
In the hypothetical case, you missed a red light *and a pedestrian in your path* and the difference resulted in a different outcome.
Where is the backlash?
>BUT HOW IS UKRAINIAN CORRUPTION BEING CURBED BY INVESTIGATIONS INTO AMERICAN CITIZENS?
I think not.
Procedural roadblocks, no.
Sure, it might work for awhile, but it's no permanent solution.
It is my opinion that if we amplify our current non-geoengineering methods, then it *WILL* be enough to curb climate change to a manageable rate.
But point is doing that alone doesn't solve the issue, since we can't catch up to our carbon output if we don't entirely kill all of our fossil fuel burning.
If you use them alone, you convey no information, and your comment has been completely pointless.
It doesn't when you consider the previous Ukrainian administration was considered corrupt and that Zelensky was only elected in April of 2019.
while praising a corrupt Ukrainian prosecutor general,164 and oversaw efforts to cut foreign programs
It is also a gross abuse of power to stonewall the investigation of a co-equal branch of government.
But we aren't living in a perfect world.
If your country was a large enough market to make it worth it companies would, because it would have a wider audience and make more money.
stuff) and has social messages about american political climate and a global version which is not politically correct and without social messages?
/u/BaxterAglaminkus (OP) has awarded 1 delta(s) in this post.
All that is why they impeached him.
If I had not called you stupid, then my third paragraph is something you would have paid attention to.
Here is an article from the [NY Times dating back to 2015 asking questions about eh potential conflict of interest and appearance of impropriety of Hunter Biden's business relations coinciding with Joe Biden's official work as VP](https://www.nytimes.com/2015/12/09/world/europe/corruption-ukraine-joe-biden-son-hunter-biden-ties.html).
No jobs created by cutting wages.
I am not the perfect one here.
Websites like fivethirtyeight actually grade polls on their methodologies so that you can identify bad polls with bad methodologies that are more likely to get things wrong.
I would think that 1 Bn a year would be able to fund large scale experiments for several of the more promising approaches with about half of that, as well as hundreds of research grants for laboratory tests.
For men it was to suppress his fears and emotions in order to be strong and tough, facilitating the ability to provide security and food for his wife and children.
So based on WHAT authority would the Ukrainian president be able to conduct investigations into American citizens?
There are millions of reasons why people talk to each.
In The Witcher, it doesn't make any difference.
You just called me stupid and proceeded to claim that I now know why I'm stupid.
Presidents don't decide, based on "the word is" or "many people are saying" what the FBI investigates or doesn't.
Isn't this one of the FBI's roles, to conduct investigations in coordination with foreign authorities?
Mainly because they are the ones best posed to do that.
PC culture is not a thing ?
Anyway my point is...I wouldn't just randomly tell someone they're e.g.
This is my point, before I replied I sat here and tried to think of a time when it makes sense to call someone stupid.
"Does that mean Hunter Biden was being corrupt in Ukraine before 2019?"
Its possible to become aware of misdeeds only years after they happen.
After the campaign if Trump loses seems like sour grapes, and won't matter because the investigation won't happen before President Biden shuts it down.
People will call any unconventional character "political propaganda" today while ignoring the political propaganda that they agree with.
We just need "wants to smear a political opponent" to be a more believable explanation for the whole situation than "super cares about corruption in Ukraine suddenly".
Even if all Western countries adopt the appropriate level of reduction using various economic and political methods.
In reality, the enforcement of those laws, the choice of the prosecutor to subsequently press charges, and the verdict and sentence handed down by the judge and jury massively depend on those details and are not restricted to the laws on the books.
Only after I left did I find out that all surveys were in targeted areas to affect the results, and that the company was funded by one of that state's political parties.
it's on the prosecution to prove you did it intentionally.
Biden didn't covertly move to get the Ukrainian prosecutor removed - he did it out in the open, in accordance with US foreign policy.
For women it was to manufacture kindness and love in order to provide a nurturing environment for children and to support her husband emotionally because he had suppressed his own.
**
Sure, I don't care about Biden.
That he as a human being is simply not enough, what he can DO is what matters, not who he is.
The goal was to replace him with someone that would do more, not someone that would stop investigating.
Sexism towards men runs so deep and is so prevalent in our society that nobody notices it.
While you might be right on the *authority* aspect, but this is quite literally why we have intelligence agencies.
Hunter, by contrast, worked for a foreign company which likely wanted to use him as a tool to access his dad's power.
Polls that are reliably closer to actual results and implement transparent methodologies can generally be trusted.
He can't have possibly (and didn't) remove everyone from the previous administration, so they withhold the money and ask him to look into this idiocy to prove himself.
Or cases (like the punching example above) where there isn't an easy to tell how bad your actions were independent of the outcome.
> That would lower the standards for vehicle safety in very real way.
And that wasn't even the point.
Like, why are you speaking to them instead of not speaking to them?
Without certain witnesses and documents, a lot of this can be called hearsay even if it seems pretty obvious.
In a perfect world I would agree with you.
So, President Zelensky was inaugurated on May 20, 2019.
For the record, I don't think Trump and Zelensky should have been talking about that investigation.
The overall point here is that we can SEE what Trump did and there's not even any dispute about it.
Lazy coworkers and coworkers who were still children did not do things to improve my mood as well on some days.
All comments that earned deltas (from OP or other users) are listed [here](/r/DeltaLog/comments/esejo0/deltas_awarded_in_cmv_american_companies_should/), in /r/DeltaLog.
You are guilty of a negligent criminal action.
Can we agree that if the Bidens (or even just Joe Biden) are corrupt in their dealings with Ukraine, that that's something the American people ought to know before voting for him in November?
Not to mention inflation.
There is no difference.
But you only know that by investigating.
> Forget the timing and the foreign aid and everything else for a second.
I'm trying to express my thoughts and opinions.
During the campaign is dubious because it hurts Biden.
Trump did not care about the corruption in Ukraine in 2017 or 2018, but started to care in 2019.
Mission not accomplished, then.
I don't believe it undermines anything.
People are fat.
The first is unintended consequences.
Accept that you're fat.
That would lower the standards for vehicle safety in very real way.
If you want to be taken seriously, don't insult people as part of that.
The 17 Intelligence Agencies all concur that Russia, not Ukraine was responsible for interference in the 2016 election.
He's now in his car driving out of the parking lot.
Another way to argue your point is that let's say killing someone is the same punishment as not killing someone while running the red light.
/u/psfrtps (OP) has awarded 1 delta(s) in this post.
Isn't that far greater abuse than they made the video game girl's titties less visible?
these are exactly the questions they asked.
> And unfortunately, that's pretty much impossible to do unless you took it upon yourself to write "Yo I'm gon' go run over this asshole" on your facebook page.
He did withhold the aid, he did try to use it as leverage for personal gain and for no other reason.
Can you elaborate?
Just more trickle down lies
Report other violations; do not retaliate.
My thoughts about that last statement about the last general election have changed due to another comment so we are now in agreement about that.
Service is actually a pretty difficult job, and as service industries and disposable income both grow, there'll be greater demand for people who are very good at working service, so there will eventually be some way of distinguishing between those who are good and those who aren't on a level that doesn't require an interview.
* Sidenote, under these two types of offence (only), *Innocent until proven guilty* does not apply.
Are you gonna tell the parents of the dead kid that it's unfortunate but that the driver only got a ticket?
By calling you stupid, you now know why your opinion is flawed, and can fix that.
He only released the aid AFTER the whistleblower's complaint was made and he was told he needed to release the funds because his scheme was discovered.
Wakanda is a fictional country set in the real world.
I say that not in an attempt to insult you, but just as a statement of fact.
Looking at your point on unintended consequences- you seem to be assuming that all such consequences would be known in advance.
No sense in gilding the lily.
My attitude didn't change a single bit.
You can't, because they wouldn't accept the advice and just get offended at you for mentioning something bad about them...
It's not their fault that the GOP senators just don't want to hear what they're saying.
But Democrats don't control the senate.
Just because one American citizen was formerly involved with Burisma (were the Bidens the ONLY Americans involved with Burisma?
Especially considering this would leave the window open for premeditated murder while getting away with it easily.
We're putting them together because they came together on that phone call, but there's no reason for them to have always been connected and no reason for them to remain so (as evidenced by the fact that the aid funding was barely delayed and there is no investigation in sight).
Do you *really* think that the crux of my post is that I have a strong belief driving like an idiot should always be punished regardless of context?
stuff) and has social messages about american political climate and a global version which is not politically correct and without social messages?
([from here](https://www.fbi.gov/about/leadership-and-structure/international-operations), emphasis added)
Is Bob significantly more likely to kill someone else in the future?
The rest of the argument is convoluted and not relevant.
First, they question Trump's claim that he cared about corruption in Ukraine.
I'd argue that rather than stop employers doing this, we should be teaching people how to understand when the skills they do have are sufficient to stand out from the spam-appliers, and what techniques they can use to make themselves look good without a degree.
You should be allowed to fire a gun randomly into an open field with no one in 3 mile radius.
"**
Now, while some studies have measured it as 0 (as others have linked to here), meaning no employment loss, other studies have found it to just be a pretty low value of something like 
This is a disingenuous argument.
\- already with the \*current\* fuel mix of the grid, during the lifetime of an average vehicle, EVs have 10-40% less emissions than comparable ICE, even comparing to the most fuel-efficient diesel cars, while typical gasoline cars are much worse
Similarly if a surgeon doesn't follow proper hygiene leading to death, or a workplace fails to provide proper safety equipment and a worker dies.
> The FBI legal attaché works with the law enforcement and security agencies in their host country to coordinate investigations of interest to both countries.
Just because its true, doesn't mean it needs to be said.
It's considered wrong and taboo to hold traditional views of women or to say she must be a certain way.
But isn't it the Senate that's potentially blocking the witnesses?
Insults, regardless of whether or not they are accurate, are not useful.
Yes, we are.
> The last general election in the US proved that between cheating and spin, no polls can really be trusted.
Only those who actually have an aptitude for university are given access to it.
One of the duties of the executive branch is to run investigations.
Because corruption isn't the same across the whole government.
If there's something untoward going on at Burisma, Ukraine can investigate the company.
Now that the senate voted against the timing for these desired subpoenas, the coming arguments will be more about what you're talking about and less about specific witnesses.
But the fact that someone died was just unlucky and shouldn't cause the punishment to be significantly harsher.
>It is known that polls can be "skewed" to make a point seem more valid.
For example, a police officer doesn't need to prove you *knew* you were speeding - they only have to prove that you *were* speeding.
So attempted murder should have the same punishment as successful murder (your action was the same)?
> My actions would have been exactly the same, so why in one case should I get away with a ticket at worst, and in the other case spend years in jail?
You're right to say the benefits are marginal, but electric cars are in fact marginally better.
The benefit could be measured by taking samples of the concentration of phytoplankton and estimating carbon sequestration benefit based on lab results.
Implementing an automated solution is going to cost millions.
>The American government can't simply send the FBI into the Ukraine to start poking around.
>I'm becoming more frustrated by the day as House Democrats neglect to make these points or ask these questions, which corrupt Republicans should be forced to answer.
If two polls just came out and one has Trump up by 2% and the other had Trump down by 1%, you can kind of pick your narrative.
So, asking a corrupt country to hold investigations is actually fairly normal.
Thanks for the delta!
So the issue is largely about *why* companies want to see a bachelor's degree.
Your response to the ND thing is frankly bizarre.
"I'm one of the smart ones."
With Zelensky taking office, they had an opportunity to do something that they probably knew needed to be done for years.
> leaving dangerously reckless people on the streets
The abuse of power allegation is about using the aid appropriated by Congress as a leverage tool against an ally country to get them to put their thumb on the scale of the US election.
so even in your hypothetical it makes no sense to call this person stupid.
That's some Illuminati level skill.
So which is it?
From [their brief](https://intelligence.house.gov/uploadedfiles/in_re_president_trump_house_impeachment_trial_brief_and_sof_1.18.20.pdf) at p. 26-27:
Wouldn't you agree that someone complaining about the over-sensitivity of others is themselves being overly sensitive?
Of course, there are many benefits to using electric cars like less maintenance, no clutch, no gears, no oil changes, more boot space, etc which I won't deny but what I don't get is how people are made to believe that by using electric cars we can save the environment which is not true.
As was stated in the judiciary hearing prior to the impeachment vote - 
Simply transporting heavy oil around the world via an oil tanker, and around a country via truck is expensive and uses a ton of energy.
Otherwise, we end up in a situation of putting people in jail for years for a single DUI, or if that's too severe, hardly punishing people who kill, and leaving dangerously reckless people on the streets.
If he did the same jokes people would blame him about 'objectifying wahmen!!!'
Better to stick to what there's already evidence to prove in a trial setting.
The first valid legal argument is that the president isn't being charged with any statutory violation.
Which ones specifically?
If a pollster is providing the type of data a political party wants, they will always be in favor of that party, thus will be used again and again.
The more we raise minimum wage, the more jobs we lose.
Nor does the president of Ukraine have authority to conduct investigations into American citizens not living in Ukraine.
I read on the internet that it's good for you, I just wanted to make everyone healthy
First, there's the nature of the request: he's not asking for an investigation, he's asking *very specifically* for an announcement.
We don't need to free men.
But that's not the same as saying that it wasn't worth investigating.
I'm open to valid legal arguments, but not to the typical Trumpian schoolyard antics.
I was frustrated that it took Democrats too long to point that out as well.
Does that make sense?
Like in my country when you ogle woman, you won't call sexist, we don't need cringy 'girl power woohooooo!
Why wasn't Trump worried about this supposed corruption in 2016 or 2017 or 2018?
The consequence of your action would not have been the same though.
Because the crime goes from negligent driving to negligent driving costing a life.
No, its does the opposite of that.
Ukraine isn't hostile to us, they're dependent on our aid, are desperate to shed the spectre of corruption, and so I no reason why they wouldn't cooperate.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xCe8-1dbXZc
[deleted]
Masculinism should be the return of the balance either.
Energy is always a problem, but if you make 4 farms in the space of one, you have plains to make power stations and office spaces
Words exist for a reason.
And yet, the video has 10million views, 165K likes to 3k dislikes, and Conan still has his show.
Sounds interesting
As technology costs fall and new machines are invented, more and more jobs find themselves in a position where the initial cost of machines makes more sense than paying workers to do the machine's job.
On the other hand, if I were to say something like "you won't get in easily on the airplane because of your size", why is that bad?
Yet the guy might get offended if he were to be called inexperienced.
Now, Zelensky could also be corrupt, which would make the request pointless, but he looks legit thus far.
- and sent his personal lawyer as well as some goons to back channel.
I don't see why we shouldn't just punish those things severely whether or not you kill someone.
Focus on the degree of the punishment, not the words used to describe the crime.
The fact that the branches of government meant to be checks and balances on the Executive have been denied the ability to perform that vital role is entirely admissible evidence of abuse of power.
The Zelensky administration, by contrast, is dedicated enough to rooting out corruption that we can trust them, but corrupt enough that we needed to suspend aid to them because of corruption concerns?
So when, exactly, is the right time for Trump to ask Zelensky to investigate the Bidens' involvement with Burisma?
Even if geoengineering is aggressively studied with all the money and resources in the world, we are still limited in what we can know about it.
Does that make sense?
Not for men, very minimal progress has been made.
Which of those purposes is better served by calling a stupid person stupid?
His worth isn't in his innate nature, it's in what he can provide, his character.
>  so why in one case should I get away with a ticket at worst, and in the other case spend years in jail?
I just wish we will have the same entertainment as 6-10 years ago without all that social justice and politicall correctness bs.
But that doesn't mean I have to agree with it.
If he's corrupts, by all means, bring the evidence forth and lets throw him out.
Did you ever think about that?
rather than conjecture.
Make it a fine and it wouldn't be far fetched anymore.
Calling someone stupid suggests that over all, in relation to everything and all subjects, they're unintelligent and ill informed.
Geoengineering should definitely include attempts to sequester carbon.
I still dont understand your point based on the headline in your OP.
*The role of legal attachés is primarily one of coordination, as they do not conduct foreign intelligence gathering or counterintelligence investigations.
There are plenty of things that are socially acceptable but that I find unacceptable and refuse to partake in, or the opposite, I'll do things that aren't socially acceptable because I believe it's correct.
For the reasons I outlined in the OP, I don't think that our current attempts to mitigate climate change will be sufficiently successful alone, and those impacts we are already seeing require emergency correction.
> If someone is fat, they should be okay being called fat.
Words exist for a reason.
>What is the "corruption" Hunter Biden is accused of?
He said he withheld the aid because of suspected corruption.
Will men still be more attracted to mechanical engineering?
If polls were as skewed as you say they were, we would expect 50% of the polls to skew pro-Trump, and the other 50% to skew anti-Trump.
>nobody should have the right to force me to like seeing two men kissing.
**" Giuliani went out to go over his own investigation of "this Biden stuff" for the past six months.
It worked ok.
Hunter Biden is the only American who was involved with Burisma at the same time as his father was VPOTUS.
>    I don't think that our current attempts to mitigate climate change will be sufficiently successful alone          
>DOESN'T TRUMP HAVE A WHOLE DOJ AT HIS DISPOSAL TO INVESTIGATE ANY AMERICAN CITIZEN?
We don't know if Biden did anything corrupt, but Trump is all ready to call him corrupt based solely on his FEELINGS, but without any evidence to back it up.
The Democrats are trying to limit the opportunities for the defense to bring substance into the debate.
And if the first paragraph without any of this explanation *did* convince you you were wrong?
Asking today's shows to reflect our society isn't pc, nor is it a tall order.
But I'm aware of any non-college journeymen programs for anything in engineering/finance/business/etc
Gas powered cars, like I said, require additional energy to extract fuel, refine fuel, and transport it to more places than relatively centralized coal or gas power plants.
Fourth, there's the fact the president involved himself directly - why is he leading the charge on that front in the first place?
Insulting people puts them into fight or flight, which means they're not really paying attention anymore, they're just figuring out whether to fight back or run away.
For the same reason that you get a higher punishment if you punching someone in the face ends up killing them instead of just hurting them.
As electric cars become more and more prominent, there will be more and more companies taking an interest in innovating in that market space, and eventually their environmental impact will be less and less.
Also, in the future, we could absolutely be seeing professional requirements (vocational though, probably not degrees) for the service industry.
Feminism should not be necessary.
Trump did not express any interest in this.
I understand you feel that you have some stronger language than the House managers do, but they're saying all of these things.
They've learned from this and have made polls better going forward.
Or Maybe you want to hook up.
Mick Mulvaney claimed that the aid was withheld and the investigation demanded [because of the "DNC Server.
[https://www.newsmax.com/politics/giulianiinvestigationsbidensukrainechina/2019/10/06/id/935848/](https://www.newsmax.com/politics/giulianiinvestigationsbidensukrainechina/2019/10/06/id/935848/)
