stop the BS, i don't have anything against any race, but they put them everywhere even when it doesn't make sense at all like in the witcher, the tv show viking was accused of being racist because there was no black in it, like wtf blacks amongs vikings ?
why did he prevent people from testifying?
It's a negligent homicide, not a reckless homicide.
I would argue that especially in positions that require softer skills, like relatability, reading social cues and cooperation (i.e.
For instance, Trump's implausible claim that he withheld the aid from Ukraine because he suspected Zelensky was corrupt.
Yes, the outcomes are different.
**I don't really have much of an opinion on whether it should be illegal to drive like an idiot in a context where you can really be sure there's no one else around**
I mean if it's an entry level position the applicants might have little to no job experience at all.
>    I don't think that our current attempts to mitigate climate change will be sufficiently successful alone          
If your dumb friend is at his moms funeral, you probably shouldn't call him stupid while giving the eulogy.
Anyways, How about American companies make an 'american version' which is politically correct (censored on 'offensive?'
Investigations, when they really get rolling, can be hard to contain.
It doesn't take a genius to put those together without it being spelled out.
My actions would have been exactly the same, so why in one case should I get away with a ticket at worst, and in the other case spend years in jail?
>Doesn't it seem suspect that 5 year old supposed corruption only got Trump's attention when he needed something to use as a distraction?
If only all pollsters were good.
That's why pollsters usually weight liberal/progressive responders higher in polls, because most quality polls are conducted mainly through landlines (the Internet is notoriously hard to poll).
Looking at your point on unintended consequences- you seem to be assuming that all such consequences would be known in advance.
>For instance, Trump's implausible claim that he withheld the aid from Ukraine because he suspected Zelensky was corrupt.
Trump went public about it right after Mueller concluded his investigation.
Service is actually a pretty difficult job, and as service industries and disposable income both grow, there'll be greater demand for people who are very good at working service, so there will eventually be some way of distinguishing between those who are good and those who aren't on a level that doesn't require an interview.
> Accidents happen, but an accident is a single moment were you make a mistake, not a single moment were someone dies that was preceded by 10 minutes of you being an idiot.
Yesterday was day one.
> Are you saying that I should be allowed to fire a gun randomly into a crowd, and as long as I happen not to hit anyone, everything is fine?
This film was very, very poorly done and based on the marketing clearly just a cash grab for the PC crowd.
[removed]
Really?
To begin with, coal isn't the only source of power and it's slowly being replaced with renewable sources.
The corruption that supposedly took place was in 2014 or 2015.
All of these points are brought up by Dems constantly.
Couple at a restaurant.
It seems pretty obvious that those things would be offered up willingly by Trump's defense team if they helped him make his case.
By the sheer fact that my first paragraph did not convince you that you are wrong, my post proves that you are wrong, because you *thought* that that first paragraph should have been enough to prove you wrong.
Besides, pollsters need to attempt to be as accurate as possible, otherwise they'll lose their reputation as good pollsters and fall out of favor.
It is when you're withholding promised aid and asking for a very specific investigation into the Bidens, as opposed to looking into UKRAINIAN corruption.
Punishments are measured as to be the best possible compromise between deterrent and fairnes (which we call justice in law).
You have to actually *provide the evidence*.
Why are some words unacceptable?
I'm not sure you understand how the law works.
>maybe witnesses saw you turn the car towards them   
I think people are overly sensitive.
I don't see these things as "insults" (though it depends on how you interpret the word insult).
Is there a crime alleged that Hunter Biden committed?
Yes words have a meaning.
Second, the timing: this comes out of nowhere at a pretty convenient time for Trump.
It doesn't affect the accuracy of what the polls measure--how people will vote--and, in fact, polls could actually help detect cheating.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xCe8-1dbXZc
Except it goes beyond mere timing is the problem.
Unless you are specifically trying to cause offense, the use of insults only does more harm to the point you're trying to make than good.
But we shouldn't just treat every situation as intentional *just in case*.
Hunter, by contrast, worked for a foreign company which likely wanted to use him as a tool to access his dad's power.
To this day men are still seen as the providers.
When they get done showing you to your desk, could you jump right on this investigation I've been needing to get done for years?"
Not that any of this matters as the proceedings will proceed as predicted for months.
> Granted I see many Americans complained about it on the internet but their voices are not matter in the eyes of big companies
And secondly, it was well agreed upon both in US policy and European policy that the prosecutor was not tough *enough* on corruption, and the cases weren't moving.
I don't see why that's a problem.
In the second case, your misjudgement *did* result in loss of life and so you should pay the full penalty for the recklessness of your actions.
1.
It's Sooo PC to enable stories to acknowledge their existence!
Similarly if a surgeon doesn't follow proper hygiene leading to death, or a workplace fails to provide proper safety equipment and a worker dies.
Sure, everyone thinks that.
Why?
Shouldn't we research, test, and understand these options and their associated risks?
* Sidenote, under these two types of offence (only), *Innocent until proven guilty* does not apply.
Please help me understand, because I don't.
>maybe your idea of being racist, sexist, homophobic is wrong.
They could have also chosen to drive normally.
Sorry, I didn't read your original comment closely enough.
 Rudy Giuliani 
All comments that earned deltas (from OP or other users) are listed [here](/r/DeltaLog/comments/esgvh9/deltas_awarded_in_cmv_political_polls_are_easy_to/), in /r/DeltaLog.
Generally, pollsters release **all** of the data collected in a poll.
Is saying the truth in such a direct manner wrong?
> In many part of the world, people don't care about racism and homophobia or they see themselves as racist or homophobic like you do guys.
Wakanda is a fictional country set in the real world.
The avg person knew it was bullshit.
This is ridiculous.
without controversy.158 After his candidacy was announced, President Trump remained indifferent 
We are already used to consume American Entertainment and we loved it.
^[Delta System Explained](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/deltasystem) ^| ^[Deltaboards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/deltaboards)
First, polls have an error margin and the actual results were largely inside the error margins for the polls.
If the investigation reveals that one thing had nothing to do with the other, the investigation is a success.
There are varying degrees of recklessness, which may be hard to distinguish by external observers.
Overall the electric car uses far less energy to run, so even if it's from coal it's using a lot less of the energy source than a gasoline engine does.
If someone is distractible, they should be okay being called distractible.
And the next time that same party needs a poll to support one of their objectives, they hire them again.
They have insulted more.
Trump claims to have had contemporaneous knowledge of the supposed Biden "corruption."
This would allow us to use every countries boogeyman.
WHY ELSE BESIDES BIDEN ANNOUNCING HIS CANDIDACY WOULD TRUMP SUDDENLY MAKE A BIG STINK ABOUT SOMETHING HE KNEW ABOUT BUT DIDN'T SEEM TO BE CONCERNED UNTIL HE FELT HIS REELECTION WAS THREATENED?
He's purposefully written to be a bad boss.
I've actually said this in another reply already.
So this would absolutely be an example of Ukrainian corruption in that they're essentially paying Hunter Biden to get Joe Biden push out their own politicians.
Why?
So it's not like it's a secret that there were problems over there.
The replacement of workers also takes time, it's not going to happen instantly.
We don't know if Biden did anything corrupt, but Trump is all ready to call him corrupt based solely on his FEELINGS, but without any evidence to back it up.
For example, asking a polling question about Hillary at a Republican or Trump rally will get you a certain set of results.
They explicitly make this argument in their impeachment trial briefs, and I expect it to be a major theme in their arguments today.
If there's something untoward going on at Burisma, Ukraine can investigate the company.
What do you want to project by using those words.
Make it a fine and it wouldn't be far fetched anymore.
How can Biden possibly be judged "guilty of corruption" when there was never even the investigation Trump wanted?
The Democrats are trying to limit the opportunities for the defense to bring substance into the debate.
> I believe it's main purpose is to influence undecided voters to vote one way or another
You can say anything provided you are ready to accept the consequences
Like in my country when you ogle woman, you won't call sexist, we don't need cringy 'girl power woohooooo!
He's also convinced that large elements of the American government are out to get him, so he runs everything through trusted off-the-books goons like Giuliani.
If you drive like an asshole/idiot but it doesn't affect anyone else (say, alone on a desolate road in the middle of nowhere Montana), where's the victim?
Vehicular manslaughter is (generally) the crime or recklessly causing the death of another person while operating a vehicle.
>Are you familiar with the legal concepts of *mens rea* and *actus reus* \- respectively, "the guilty mind" and "the guilty act"?
speeding) if you can reasonably prove that you thought your actions were reasonable - for example, you can prove your speedometer in your car was inaccurate, and that you had no feasible way to know this at the time (ie.
This practice is something that already happens (e.g Mr. Popo)
Electric cars run around 90% efficient, pretty much all the time, and the motors are using no power at stop lights.
The implication is that Joe Biden interfered in the Ukrainian investigation.
And how do we deal with that?
People'd be doing a lot more "manslaughter" if the penalty for it was only a £200 speeding fine.
The world is a public good from which all individuals and countries benefit.
Words have a ton of context beyond just literal meaning.
To a 20th century woman a successful man showed her the ways she wasn't free, she didn't see the ways in which the man was a slave.
Biden was running for President on the first possible day Trump could have asked Zelensky to investigate and he will be running for President, at least based on current polling, until his victory or defeat in November.
rather than conjecture.
The only 3 the WH will release.
i guess i'm safe in that regard then.
Hunter Biden was never under investigation - not by the corrupt prosecutor, not by the FBI, not by anyone.
We easily can replicate that, we just grow algae and throw it into a landfill!
Isn't that far greater abuse than they made the video game girl's titties less visible?
This would likely require them filming large parts of the show/film twice.
I'm not talking about blame or morals, I'm talking about what the law should be.
Unless your position is particularly superfluous or significantly more cost effective to replace, one would expect folks making minimum wage and full-time folks to be on the chopping block ahead of you if your employer actually did make cuts.
](https://www.eia.gov/tools/faqs/faq.php?id=427&t=3) Since you used terms like "boot space" I'm guessing you're in the UK, and they only got [9% of their energy from coal in 2016.
But words (often) also have a connotation.
* It is known that polls can be "skewed" to make a point seem more valid.
That would lower the standards for vehicle safety in very real way.
That is the wrong conclusion to make based on the 2016 results.
**
"Incentives for compliance" is a good summary of the rationale for my view.
I guess my main focus is that too much importance is placed on the poll results, by media or the political parties.
If you would like to appeal, review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&subject=Rule+5+Appeal+VY_Cannabis_Majoris&message=VY_Cannabis_Majoris+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/esdn5n/-/ff9my20/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted.
> The philosophical problem you're describing is also known as "moral luck".
I agree with most of your comment.
Part of my thinking comes from a "company" I worked for in college who did "surveys".
Much of the time they are depicted in ways that would be considered traditionally masculine.
That no woman will love him unless he has something to show for himself, to give.
In the 2016 election where one particular candidate got a huge response among voters with low levels of education it makes your polls very susceptible to error especially if you're polls don't happen to capture a perfectly representative amount of people at each education level.
>Since when do presidents double as investigators?
Why is that so offensive?
I don't even need that much.
In the modern era women's roles have largely been freed up.
And if the first paragraph without any of this explanation *did* convince you you were wrong?
If you want to be taken seriously, don't insult people as part of that.
I want to emphasize that I do not think higher education is useless or a waste of time.
I'm open to valid legal arguments, but not to the typical Trumpian schoolyard antics.
So yeah.
We need to free men because both men and women suffer if we don't.
There would still be victims in this case.
May and July are both far enough from the primaries and the elections that this wasn't going to be an "October surprise" kind of issue.
**
I'm perfectly happy to say the driver is to blame for the victim's death.
Now they have waste time to go and return the dress.
> The abuse of power allegation is about using the aid appropriated by Congress as a leverage tool against an ally country to get them to put their thumb on the scale of the US election.
The long term solution is to replace gas and coal power plants with nuclear, wind, solar, and hydroelectricity.
homophobia (ˌhəʊməʊˈfəʊbɪə)
I agree there may be unintended consequences, but think that is a compelling reason why it should be highly funded and aggressively researched.
Like i post on /r/advice a lot, and this kid was talking about how her mom calls her stupid because she loads the dishwasher wrong.
&#x200B;
The timing  makes perfect sense.
Why try?
> How severe blowing a light is depends on a lot of things like your speed, your reaction time to a honk, if you maintained your brakes well, if you swerve out of the way, etc.
The rest of the argument is convoluted and not relevant.
PC culture is a cancer, most shows these days are infected by that and forget to have a interesting storyline, like all those feminist remakes of successful franchises that nobody want to watch.
In most judicial systems we judge by intent and consequence.
But just it having been written about does not mean it was something Trump was concerned about.
Please don't expect me to take Giuliani's word for this.
Because you can't get those films into theaters in places like China, India, and Indonesia.
He can't have possibly (and didn't) remove everyone from the previous administration, so they withhold the money and ask him to look into this idiocy to prove himself.
If a pollster is providing the type of data a political party wants, they will always be in favor of that party, thus will be used again and again.
As for the others, I'll accept without question for the sake of this CMV that they occur with enough significance to be relevant.
I used to work at food service making $10/hr.
FedEx would be more likely to reduce full time staff to part time before laying off part time staff and keeping full time.
For instance, a key piece of the Democrats' argument has been that Trump did not actually give a shit about corruption in Ukraine.
the law school lesson on this goes 'when you go to sleep and there is no snow on your lawn, but you wake up to find snow covering your lawn, you needn't have seen the snow falling to know it snowed.'
I think this is the crux of what I'm not seeing.
i.e *You've killed someone*.
Maybe not literally, but they've touched all of these points indirectly.
> > It's on the government to prove that you did it intentionally.
Unlike a complex issue like abortion where you don't ever verify your results, pollsters do get a chance every time the actual results come in to see how close they were to reality for many types of election polling.
It's entirely true that people with Bachelor's degrees may be less qualified than those without, but it tends not to be the case.
Because, we can really make a lot of multy-level farms, using hydroponics and uv lights, we can make a good output.
Now how watered down would we have to make the plot of that move, to get that level of interchangeably?
Thanks for the delta!
Sondland admitted a quid pro quo was in place.
As a strategic method, because they don't want to give credence to Bill Barr, they're avoiding talking directly about DOJ and instead pointing to the irregular foreign policy channel as the basis of that argument.
Maybe if they are a politician running for office, but even then, more specific criticism is going to be better.
And it was.
Because in one case your misjudgements resulted in no loss of life, but a warning must be given regardless.
The only beneficiaries of the prosecutor's removal were the Ukrainian people.
Next, there was a mistake that pollsters made which was not adjusting for education level and they've fixed that going forward.
Schiff explicitly made the argument last night during the procedure votes, I forget for which witness.
so even in your hypothetical it makes no sense to call this person stupid.
That doesn't mean they're 0% accurate and can't be trusted, though.
That helps, right?
Like, why are you speaking to them instead of not speaking to them?
Put cholera in a city's water supply?
Not so that you can increase the punishments on big crimes, but so you can reduce the punishments on small crimes.
They use this to adjust for gender, race, age, but traditionally have not used education level to weight their results.
DOESN'T TRUMP HAVE A WHOLE DOJ AT HIS DISPOSAL TO INVESTIGATE ANY AMERICAN CITIZEN?
Because many writers care about social justice issues and their art is often inspired by that.
Just say you lost control of the wheel for a second and you're golden.
So based on WHAT authority would the Ukrainian president be able to conduct investigations into American citizens?
So i will say , yes it is sometimes fun to use those words, but be careful and be wise with what you say.
It's central to the meaning and themes of the story.
It's like the dials just move up and down at a whim, depending on what makes for a better answer.
you came up with an example
Even if all Western countries adopt the appropriate level of reduction using various economic and political methods.
I see two compelling arguments against such geoengineering.
There is, however, a clear timeline that shows that the Zelensky call took place in the month between the first two Democratic debates.
They feel attacked.
I read on the internet that it's good for you, I just wanted to make everyone healthy, so I'll take a medal instead.
* Even more, the actual results of a poll can be reported any way they want you to see them.
This is my point.
Is your main concern just the vague notion of political correctness described above?
Trump saw in Zelensky someone who might actually be interested in rooting out the corruption.
He's now in his car driving out of the parking lot.
> First off, the investigation into Burisma was about a time from before Hunter Biden was on their payroll, so there was no personal benefit to the Bidens to stop it.
Insults are bad because the *undermine the thing you're trying to say*.
> I don't see these things as "insults"
Conan has 45 Clueless Gamer segments uploaded on YouTube including the one you just linked.
Trump uttered nary a peep about it.
In fact, as a new leader, President Zelensky has an interest in knowing if there is corruption affecting his government and doing something about it.
Not to mention inflation.
Not enough to say it definitely occurred, of course, but enough to suggest where something needs to be investigated.
The second point you made, while they haven't said it quite the same way, is one of the main arguments.
The Biden announcement was only half of his ask.
>  so why in one case should I get away with a ticket at worst, and in the other case spend years in jail?
> Like witcher series in Netflix, like black Little Mermaid
So, asking a corrupt country to hold investigations is actually fairly normal.
In jobs that are vulnerable to automation, the only reason they're not yet automated is because the initial cost of replacing workers with machines is high and the continuing cost of employing people is lower than that.
Many American companies actually distribute Domestic and Internationally distinct content of their media ([MTV Spain](http://www.mtv.es/) for example).
Overall I still feel that they are used more to manipulate, rather than just report the results.
WHY WAS HE ASKING THE PRESIDENT OF UKRAINE TO INVESTIGATE AMERICAN CITIZENS?
Doubtful, but they're Trump's only concern) is not grounds for a foreign government to open an investigation.
if they like to push each other poo good for them but none of that shit for me.
Why would content makers spend that large amount of money to design separate products just for a smaller foreign market?
Just wanted to also point that out.
There are a couple things going on here.
I couldn't reach it at all.
The goal was to replace him with someone that would do more, not someone that would stop investigating.
People don't stop going out to dinner because the food is a dollar more.
5.
As a new president who ran on an anti-corruption platform, Zelensky had no need to "prove" to Trump that he was "worthy" of the already-Congressionally-approved aid.
It's all very logical.
how much do you make at FedEx?
Suppose for a second that Viktor Shokin wasn't actually corrupt, or was corrupt but just this was a hit-job by other corrupt politicians.
On the whole I think our standards are fucking abysmal.
>Δ
WHY ELSE BESIDES BIDEN ANNOUNCING HIS CANDIDACY WOULD TRUMP SUDDENLY MAKE A BIG STINK ABOUT SOMETHING HE KNEW ABOUT BUT DIDN'T SEEM TO BE CONCERNED UNTIL HE FELT HIS REELECTION WAS THREATENED?
So, I'm just going to tackle the \*practical\* problem with your idea.
One theory based on artic deep sea core samples was that there was a major carbon sink event when the aquatic plant Azolla grew in the artic and would sink down to the floor trapping carbon when dead.
In The Witcher, it doesn't make any difference.
Trump's own appointees confirmed the illegal quid pro quo, so trying to argue that is like trying to put toothpaste back into the tube.
Does that make sense?
The point of having a vehicular manslaughter law is  to have a somewhat lighter punishment for manslaughter with a car because we recognize it as something people do a lot that's at a baseline pretty dangerous.
Fourth, there's the fact the president involved himself directly - why is he leading the charge on that front in the first place?
For example, asking a polling question about Hillary at a Republican or Trump rally will get you a certain set of results.
In a perfect world, the pollsters aren't corrupt.
Do you think that someone who drives drunk and kills someone should be charged more harshly?
> Its possible to become aware of misdeeds only years after they happen.
The fact is global climate and how it interacts with biospheres is extremely complex so there would be bound to be unpredicted, unintended consequences, as well as predicted ones and they could be worse than the positives.
If the item is already expensive then increasing minimum wage increases the number of people who can and will buy the product or service.
Nor does the president of Ukraine have authority to conduct investigations into American citizens not living in Ukraine.
Same goes for highly niche STEM fields.
>I feel as though people just can't accept certain words.
No doubt the same thing is enshrined in US legislation under a different name.
it's on the *prosecution* to prove you did it intentionally.
Or Maybe you want to hook up.
It's simply a label.
We actually have a real problems so people doesn't need to fabricate fake ones out of boredoom.
Not that I'm aware of.
> The last general election in the US proved that between cheating and spin, no polls can really be trusted.
No jobs created by cutting wages.
Trump spoke to him on July 25, 2019.
But the fact that someone died was just unlucky and shouldn't cause the punishment to be significantly harsher.
I'm not sure why but I guess my post may be unclear.
**
I would agree that geoengineering should be funded, but when you say aggressively, that suggests it should be funded disproportionately to other measures.
10% communication is verbal.
Take for example winning the lottery.
But the thing is, we're *already* effectively geoengineering (by emitting carbon, constructing buildings, planting farms, connecting seas, etc.
With Zelensky taking office, they had an opportunity to do something that they probably knew needed to be done for years.
But theres an equally valid explanation; Biden did corrupt things (potentially), and we have to root out corruption.
It is my opinion that if we amplify our current non-geoengineering methods, then it *WILL* be enough to curb climate change to a manageable rate.
I'm pretty sure that's wrong.
In many part of the world, people don't care about racism and homophobia or they see themselves as racist or homophobic like you do guys.
For most of human history we were just trying to stay alive.
[\[Source Wikipedia\]](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Director_of_the_Federal_Bureau_of_Investigation)
The second compelling argument is that it creates a moral hazard against greenhouse gas reduction.
So, they should *say* they require bachelor degrees because it's in their best interest for finding quality candidates faster.
If you run a red light and hit someone, you get charged for hitting someone.
>and constantly trying to put messages about social justice.
Here's another point to consider; insulting someone out of the gate by way of calling them stupid, isn't productive.
Nope, because you have to be able to *prove it*.
Basically, punching someone *really hard* should be more of a crime than punching someone *a little bit*.
You also have to consider the lifetime of the vehicle.
 [https://www.newsmax.com/politics/giulianiinvestigationsbidensukrainechina/2019/10/06/id/935848/](https://www.newsmax.com/politics/giulianiinvestigationsbidensukrainechina/2019/10/06/id/935848/)
Or what?
What invalidates a statement is whether it's true or false.
If Gillete would release the 'men sucks' advertisement in my country, they would get destroyed instantly.
Beyond that, the quid pro quo is self evident, regardless of Trump's implausible denials.
Most people take what I understand to be apprenticeships, which are selective, 2-3 year programs for specific fields and trades.
The economic incentive of all parties is to use the cheapest form of energy, but the best outcome for all parties is the drastic global reduction of carbon, methane, and other greenhouse gasses.
But being a CEO, you would be stupid to proclaim this a male role.
Again, if everyone only sought out the data and reasoning behind it, it would be great.
Trump did not care about the corruption in Ukraine in 2017 or 2018, but started to care in 2019.
All of the people who actually get to make the decision here know exactly what the House managers are saying regardless of whether or not they use particularly forceful language with a lot of assumptions in it.
Now lets do the reverse, let's say running a red light without harm gets the same punishment as vehicular punishment.
While a lot of questions are hard to put in an unbiased way, such as asking about your views on abortion, political ones are relatively easier because you're just asking them to compare a number of options all on equal footing.
Burisma probably was corrupt, and Joe Biden's son getting a sweet gig with no experience was probably an attempt to curry favor with Biden, I'll stipulate to both those things being true.
Why not spare them?
That being said it would also be possible for gasoline engines to become efficient enough to be more eco friendly than electric cars if government's weren't pushing so hard for electric vehicles.
But say a pedestrian was there, and I'd hit and killed them.
> Joe Biden allegedly got a former Ukrainian prosecutor fired for having just that suspicion.
Corrupt bureaucrats tend to grow tendrils into their government that can operate independently of the official power structure, at least for a while.
> Why not take the time to work trough proper channels and avoid implicating the president directly into something that looks very very bad for him?
Hunter Biden at that job in 2015.
When you give people at the bottom of the economy more money, turns out they just spend it, since they were already barely getting by.
First, there's the nature of the request: he's not asking for an investigation, he's asking *very specifically* for an announcement.
There's a big reason it's called vehicular *manslaughter* and not vehicular *murder*.
But they don't, and the way the political parties and media spin it, I just feel, again, they are less and less relevant.
But there's also the fossil fuels used to make the car, fossil fuels used to extract the crude oil, fossil fuel energy used to refine the crude oil into gasoline, fossil fuel used to transport the gasoline to gas stations, fossil fuel to keep the lights on at the gas stations, fossil fuel to build the gas stations, etc.
After the campaign if Trump loses seems like sour grapes, and won't matter because the investigation won't happen before President Biden shuts it down.
They're withholding far more than they've released.
Sexism towards men runs so deep and is so prevalent in our society that nobody notices it.
If you can, CMV.
It still seems like you're talking about *what* the difference is, rather than *why* the law should treat them so differently.
He didn't think about Biden until he was an actual opponent.
I agree with you that many jobs have degree requirements they shouldn't.
>A girl just moved in with a guy.
The executive branch does not, repeat does not run the FBI.
You can't just say that something is true until people get bored of pointing out you have no evidence.
The first is unintended consequences.
But would you use those same words on your mom if she was fat?
My view is that *driving like an asshole/idiot* is a crime and should have criminal consequences.
Thats when he started to do oppo research, and then came upon this potential corruption.
I might not notice if minorities are under or over represented, but I would notice that.
If the effects of say sulfur aerosols released in the the antarctic harms wildlife mildly, but the effects of reduced ice flows hurts it more, then this action should be taken.
So there was *importance* but not *urgency* to getting this work done.
Traffic offences are generally strict liability; you don't mean to run a Red Light, but that doesn't make it any less hazardous.
^[Delta System Explained](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/deltasystem) ^| ^[Deltaboards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/deltaboards)
It proves that Trump was trying to have his 2016 advantage artificially re-enacted.
Also, on the back end, coal is mainly shipped to power plants using trains, which are the most energy efficient form of heavy transport we have.
I'm sure it depends on context.
Even if it wasn't ever going to, all you needed was Hunter and Joe to be afraid that it might.
But isn't it the Senate that's potentially blocking the witnesses?
I absolutely disagree with that point.
\- the emissions by electricity generation keep decreasing, not just as renewables increase, but with the shift away from coal to natural gas
It put me into a financial bind that I'm still trying to climb out of.
Only those who actually have an aptitude for university are given access to it.
That is a confirmed fact.
>I think people are overly sensitive.
It's now a 'their word vs mine' situation which means I should be acquitted.
Heck, I would suspect it would even be \*worse\* than just releasing the international version as the only version.
Statutory violation is not necessary for impeachable conduct to have been committed.
would have focused on ensuring that Ukraine actually conducted investigations of the purported issues
But if that's true, why is nobody asking what seems to be the question Trump's story begs: WHY WOULD TRUMP ASK A COUNTRY HE SUSPECTS IS CORRUPT FOR AN INVESTIGATION?
You're really talking about a law enforcement matter on both the Ukrainian and US sides of the call.
Elves are okay but not black people?
You never want to put a criminal in a situation where causing more harm comes at no extra cost.
Even with a pedestrian in the crosswalk, you could range from doing no harm to minor injury, to property damage, to major injury, to killing.
The fact of a bystander being hit is strong evidence of a higher degree of recklessness.
That's some Illuminati level skill.
This is especially true if you look at polls with a rating of A or B (which would roughly correspond to the "pollsters who know what they're doing and want to represent reality accurately").
There was a 0% chance that my punch would have killed anyone.
Also, here's a link to a study you may want to check out: [No correlation between increased minimum wage and employment levels](https://s27147.pcdn.co/wp-content/uploads/NELP-Data-Brief-Raise-Wages-Kill-Jobs-No-Correlation.pdf)
At my last food job, although I absolutely hated fucking dealing with customers sometimes I could tell I was valuable as I doing everything for everyone when 2-3 of those kids decided to call out or take an hour break.
> WHY WOULD TRUMP ASK A COUNTRY HE SUSPECTS IS CORRUPT FOR AN INVESTIGATION?
>Furthermore, Trump's claim that his inquiry to Zelensky about the Bidens was made out of Trump's sudden desire to root out Ukraine corruption, right?
If you ND into the floor at the range, you'll be yelled at and probably kicked out.
A 10% chance of becoming unemployed and a 90% chance of getting a 50% pay rise seems like a pretty incredibly good gamble to take.
Who does the prosecution work for?
Likewise if open ocean iron fertilization or deep sea carbon sequestration has a negative local impact, but is outweighed by its global positive impact, this action should also be taken.
The trade off was that the man had to risk his life and physical safety and become cut off from himself but he had authority and respect from his wife and children.
Absent any violation of statutory law as defined by the constitution in relation to "treason, bribery, and other high *crimes and misdemeanors*.
Not in 2016 during the election when he had every reason to try to slander any Democrat, not in 2017 once he was President, not in 2018.
Ukraine isn't hostile to us, they're dependent on our aid, are desperate to shed the spectre of corruption, and so I no reason why they wouldn't cooperate.
I know who is smart and who isn't.
For example, a sock fell in this hard to reach spot once.
>How?
Throughout this impeachment process I have had some questions & made some points that seem so salient, yet these issues haven't been brought up or the answers fleshed out in any way.
This is my point, before I replied I sat here and tried to think of a time when it makes sense to call someone stupid.
To prevent them from doing this, however would represent a huge amount of overreach from the government, if it was to be enforced legally.
My arm didn't fit.
>two men kissing is very repulsive and i shouldn't have to witness that regularly on tv when i've basically never seen that in real life, its not representative of society, its just propaganda.
>  If you believe that Trump obstructed justice by costing Comey his job (even though the investigation into Trump never stopped), then Biden costing the Ukrainian prosecutor his job is also obstruction
I am totally open to making the punishment harsher as a practical measure, if lowering the punishment would really make murders like this more common.
I just think it's important to have a discussion about it to try to get closer to the truth.
Sorry, u/VY_Cannabis_Majoris – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 5: 
>The American government can't simply send the FBI into the Ukraine to start poking around.
>The Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation is the head of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, the United States' primary federal law enforcement agency, and is responsible for its day-to-day operations.
It seems like the blanket argument for "weeding out" candidates is to plaster on a degree requirement for jobs, because then, at least those without degrees can be eliminated.
This is why crimes are separated in the first place.
The way to handle disputes between co-equal branches of government is through the third co-equal branch...the judiciary.
They don't need to impress anyone else.
The thing is, I don't know a single Democrat who views Biden as so sacrosanct that they'd do anything to defend him.
That last thing is the key.
If someone is mentally ill, they should be okay being called mentally ill.
Generally, things become more efficient as you start to scale up.
Nothing changed.
When you are driving, you need to be alert and be aware that you are operating a piece of machinery that has the potential to kill people.
Same way I think we deserve better than a president willing to degrade the office help himself politically.
The problem is that the Democrats need to fill those in using actual evidence such as witness testimony, documents, etc.
That you're allowed to commit crimes, as long as you run for office?
The world is a public good from which all individuals and countries benefit.
They could be worse than the positive consequences, but we wouldn't know without a significant effort to evaluate and test.
Can you elaborate?
The whole idea is that Biden pushed to have a "corrupt politician" removed (Viktor Shokin).
Please keep that in mind even if you think I'm a terrible person.
As a side note, I'll give you this one.
When you are expressing your opinions you usually have to think how you are presenting it.
yeah this is not pratical.
There are defences for a strict liability offence (eg.
We want people to be careful not to kill people.
That would be a rather large expense, and would really upset Americans.
They have an ethically moral argument for being able to do so since other countries were able to.
The same action may be present in both cases, but the consequences differ drastically, and that is something the court takes into account.
It took Democrats weeks to say that was the case.
While conversion of vehicles to electrical, and the growing capacity of clean energy sources provides the ideal long term solution, these look to be too expensive for most of the planet to adopt in the next 20 years, so additional mitigating efforts are needed to save the planet.e Scientific consensus on anthroprogenic climate change, and that is precursor of this view which I am not interested in discussing.
We actually have a number of studies done that try to measure this.
WHY WAS HE ASKING THE PRESIDENT OF UKRAINE TO INVESTIGATE AMERICAN CITIZENS?
How does that make it better?
I agree this is a drawback, but if we look at the loss of polar habitats and coral reefs, it is clear that climate change is causing irreparable (in the geological short term) harm to the earth's ecosystems and biodiversity.
The claim is that it's just wrong to do that, right?
If so your headline is a little deceptive.
These roles carried on forward into the post industrial era where now instead of hunting and fighting off other males, men went to work and provided for their family that way (they now had to fight off other males in a business setting).
A major thing to consider is, why is calling someone fat making them uncomfortable?
If you on a date maybe you want to get to know them better.
Withholding incriminating evidence makes all the sense in the world.
Regardless, even if he thinks Zelensky is corrupt (even if Zelensky actually is corrupt), Ukraine is still a sovereign nation and Zelensky is its president.
Or cases (like the punching example above) where there isn't an easy to tell how bad your actions were independent of the outcome.
No, he isn't.
This is GOOD, because it's true that women were bound and by opening up the roles for them you are freeing them.
what?
stuff) and has social messages about american political climate and a global version which is not politically correct and without social messages?
The courtroom does not work like the internet.
Just more trickle down lies
He sees her walking.
Withholding sculpt Atari evidence makes no sense.
Just because it's one action, there's still two things happening.
I still dont understand your point based on the headline in your OP.
>Last, but most glaringly overlooked: the supposed Biden corruption occurred in 2014-2015.
>It is known that polls can be "skewed" to make a point seem more valid.
For the same reason that you get a higher punishment if you punching someone in the face ends up killing them instead of just hurting them.
If he did the same jokes people would blame him about 'objectifying wahmen!!!'
The investigation wasn't a priority in 2016, 2017, 2018 or May 2019, but it just happened to become pressing when it became convenient?
How is that any different than Ivanka having a 6 figure job she's not qualified for, or Andrew Giuliani, or Bill Barr's daughter and son in law all having cushy, high paying jobs they aren't qualified for solely based on their last names?
It was the administration before him.
That's corruption, and should at least be investigated.
But point is doing that alone doesn't solve the issue, since we can't catch up to our carbon output if we don't entirely kill all of our fossil fuel burning.
My little caveat to add is that we should all have done enough personal research to know who we want to vote for, regardless of some inaccurate and biased poll.
He made a move for an investigation into a political rival to be announced.
Truthfully, you're just rewording a lot of the same arguments that they are in fact making.
In the short-term, it is still better to drive an all electric vehicle than gas, because of heat efficiency.
As was said here, polling is an (inexact) science.
House democrats failed to pursue that option before charging the president with a political crime, not a statutory one.
Perhaps a better way of looking at it is that in Scenario A - where you drive a red light and just get a ticket - only one crime occurs (negligent driving).
Vaguely, but maybe you can summarize in layman's terms?
[-0.2](https://www.frbsf.org/economic-research/files/el2015-37.pdf).
nobody should have the right to force me to like seeing two men kissing.
> Okay, I can agree that specific criticism is "better".
If the governmetn forces them to pay you an extra dollar, that's like 1000 dollars a year working 20 hours a week.
This reminds me of [one of the few books I actually read in high school](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Lottery).
Political correctness belongs to USA.
Now that the senate voted against the timing for these desired subpoenas, the coming arguments will be more about what you're talking about and less about specific witnesses.
**
The events that took place regarding the Bidens took place before Zelensky became president and there aren't, to my knowledge, any allegations that Zelensky had anything to do with it.
* 
Excerpt: "If someone calls you mentally ill, they don't love you."
I'm just saying in itself.
I don't even remember when I see a black person irl.
So in those cases where you do it in the worst way possible and kill someone, it makes sense to punish more severely.
How is that any different than Ivanka having a 6 figure job she's not qualified for, or Andrew Giuliani, or Bill Barr's daughter and son in law all having cushy, high paying jobs they aren't qualified for solely based on their last names?
For women it was to manufacture kindness and love in order to provide a nurturing environment for children and to support her husband emotionally because he had suppressed his own.
Some of you will say no shit Sherlock, but political polling has become so politicized in the current environment, that now is almost completely unreliable information, and I believe it's main purpose is to influence undecided voters to vote one way or another.
I'm not talking solely about the word "stupid".
That's the action that's on trial, not the Bidens.
Last night I was surfing on youtube and watched this conan clip
Because corruption isn't the same across the whole government.
An "insult" can be part of an explanation.
Solicitation of foreign interference in the US election is also alleged.
One could say that freely drivers decide to take part in a "lottery" while aware of the possible consequences (severe punishment) that they would receive IF they got into severe enough accidents.
You seem to be hung up on this premise that filmmakers, game devs, writers, or musicians are constantly being forced to appease social justice types, but Hollywood and most major metro areas in the US are pretty liberal as it is.
Hunter Biden was appointed to a position at a Ukrainian oil company.
This would also explain the delay between Trump taking office and asking for an investigation.
I put it in quotes because I see no reason not to include the actual label, in this case: stupid.
Sure.
And they are making these arguments in roundabout ways, but that's not the way America understands legal arguments.
Sure, it might work for awhile, but it's no permanent solution.
Even stars of the show say that the show cannot happen again because of current climate on USA and I can perfectly see why.
I want to hear it from you, not google.
Trump had no problem with corruption in Ukraine before and was even perfectly happy sending them money.
Δ
Trump sat on the story until he saw a benefit in using it to slander the person he perceived to be his biggest political rival.
>BUT HOW IS UKRAINIAN CORRUPTION BEING CURBED BY INVESTIGATIONS INTO AMERICAN CITIZENS?
If someone resembles Nazi, is it okay for me to call them a Nazi?
If you were speeding and hit someone, you get charged for hitting someone.
I wonder if you have evidence for this, because I don't agree with it.
That he as a human being is simply not enough, what he can DO is what matters, not who he is.
But it isn't necessarily possible to adjust for every possible factor and part of it is just learning as we go and respecting that that is part of why polls have error margins.
We'd all like to do it, but we don't cos it doesn't help anything.
I mean one of them is African Folklore and one of them is Polish Folklore and both are fantasy based universes.
So electric cars put more energy in the bin that is possible to get away from fossil fuels.
Since the information Trump asked Zelensky to look for is *in the Ukraine*, it has to go through the Ukrainians.
If you want to get information out of the Ukrainian government, you ultimately need to deal with Zelensky.
In my case, I was lucky and nobody was coming the other way.
They have been freed from that role to some extent, men haven't been freed from theirs.
We haven't had a president with as consistent approval ratings since Nixon.
I feel like people are simply too immature to look at the meaning of the word and compare themselves and see the flaw and acknowledge it, OR...disagree and have a rational explanation without being blinded by their hurt and resorting to attacking or acting defensively.
I have used all those negative words in my vocab to my close friends.
People often jump on them saying they got it wrong.
Additionally, switching to electric cars will help speed along weening our society off of its dependence on oil and other fossil fuels.
They're sticking to things they have records to prove, not making judgement about the connectors that fit their evidence together.
If they sample 100 people and 60 of them are women and 40 men, but they know the demographics of the area they're targeting is 51% women and 49% men, what they'll do is their weight the responses of the sampled women by the ratio of 60 to 51.
Operating under the jurisdiction of the United States Department of Justice, the FBI is also a member of the U.S. Intelligence Community and reports to both the Attorney General and the Director of National Intelligence, not to the president.
> Wait a minute, isn't that what we do all the time?
So partial reporting is definitely a problem, but it's a problem with the media, not pollsters.
And the next time that same party needs a poll to support one of their objectives, they hire them again.
He did withhold the aid, he did try to use it as leverage for personal gain and for no other reason.
Asking today's shows to reflect our society isn't pc, nor is it a tall order.
I think the punishment for drunk driving should not be significantly different depending on whether someone happens to die, for example.
For example, a police officer doesn't need to prove you *knew* you were speeding - they only have to prove that you *were* speeding.
I think we deserve better than Biden in fact.
The amount of pollution produced to move a car the same distance is much less for an electric car even when considering all of those things.
On the other hand, if I were to say something like "you won't get in easily on the airplane because of your size", why is that bad?
Sorry, I maybe should have phrased it differently in the title...
Just look at the recent Blizzard protests, and how Hollywood studios will shoot scenes in China or shoehorn in Chinese actors into their films to get past Chinese market restrictions.
/u/BaxterAglaminkus (OP) has awarded 1 delta(s) in this post.
It isn't about the action itself, it is about the consequence.
Peace.
But Democrats don't control the senate.
He was wholly uninterested until Biden announced his candidacy 4 years after the fact
You're not actually telling them anything they don't know, you're just making them feel uncomfortable.
he identified.
Why wouldn't they be able to access records or question witnesses?
Unlike a lot of politically biased journalism and media, polling has a discrete outcome that you can judge it against.
Releasing two versions would not help, because the world is super connected and I guarantee that (if the international version would be criticized if it was released in America) within a week there everyone will have found out about the content of the international version and they will criticize it \*anyway\*.
I agree there may be unintended consequences, but think that is a compelling reason why it should be highly funded and aggressively researched.
The
These are precisely the sorts of things that his defenders use to defend him.
It's literally one of his key roles.
* The rules for joint activities and information sharing are generally spelled out in formal agreements between the U.S. and the host nation.
It still might be a wrong assumption.
So just cloud seeding to block extra light actually makes the problem worse, because now there is justification to keep polluting.
I also don't need to assume any of the facts because they've been stipulated to.
That Hunter Biden left Burisma years ago and was no longer a current board member or in any way affiliated.
Simply because the male role has it's advantages (respect, authority, dignity) doesn't mean it doesn't have it's disadvantages and this has been left out of the discussion.
I can't give you a half-Delta for the statement you changed my views on, so I'll give you a full one!
Saying someone is acting stupid, or being stupid, suggests that they're being that way right now, about a certain subject.
The FBI (which stands for Federal Bureau of *Investigations*) is a part of the executive branch.
I just generally meant using words like stupid which are considered offensive or wrong to say.
So is the idea that Biden forced the EU and IMF to start demanding for Shokin to be removed as a prosecutor way before the US got involved?
Trump uttered nary a peep about it.
In the hypothetical case, you missed a red light *and a pedestrian in your path* and the difference resulted in a different outcome.
But if you're an honest person, you will have to admit that, at minimum, it looks like a conflict of interest.
Withholding exculpatory evidence makes no sense.
Who both report to the president right?
Your logic is "I've said one word and now you must either spend a long time proving to me why that word does not describe you, or should go and fix your life".
Generally, when a country is trying to overcome corruption, they have to investigate.
I don't believe it undermines anything.
> This is just an assertion and doesn't really get into why as far as I can tell.
It was the administration before him.
Maybe my wording wasn't the greatest, I'm sorry.
Conversely If someone was asking Trump questions in San Francisco, where most voters are Democrat, it would show an unfavorable result for Trump
To whatever extent the FBI may be able to obtain warrants and make arrests in foreign countries, they can only do so on the basis of treaties which give them that power.
Major polling companies take great pains to recruit nationally-representative samples, which means that the sample that they recruit should roughly represent the US population in terms of party affiliation, age, race, gender, etc.
The benefit could be measured by taking samples of the concentration of phytoplankton and estimating carbon sequestration benefit based on lab results.
I didn't think it was real, it was just a prank bro, so I'll just do the 20 hours community service.
This means every question, every answer choice, etc.
If he is guilty of some wrongdoing, I don't think Democrats are adverse to that being brought up, as long as there's some substance behind the accusation.
As of 2020 we are now in Third Wave Feminism, some people are calling it a Fourth wave.
How could you possibly know they are stupid as a 100% truth?
However, that makes basically everything have minute punishment, because no matter what you can do, you can defend yourself by saying that it was an accident and there's nothing the prosecution can do to disprove that short of you handing them hard evidence of malicious aforethought (which you're not going to do cos it'd be stupid).
The US doesn't have authority to investigate that, that's supposedly why Trump was calling Ukraine about it.
I don't believe in sugar coating things.
I'm just not necessarily saying it's all about the word "stupid".
To me, that says Attorney General Barr should have been talking to whoever his Ukrainian counterpart is and that the presidents should have stayed out of it.
Ultimately, even an electric vehicle running on coal-produced electricity will have a lower carbon footprint than a gas vehicle.
The reason car accidents of such a nature are considered *manslaughter* is because there was no intent behind the death, but there was still an act of negligence, and there was still a criminal offence leading to the death.
Wait, which black characters other than the elf do you think are out of place?
Hunter potentially gave Burisma influence over the US government.
Obviously calling someone fat with the intention to make them feel uncomfortable is dickish, yet in another context it shouldn't be bad.
Etc.
For example, my father is fat and he knows it, and he's OK with it, and you can say he's fat without any issues.
Even a stupid person can load a dishwasher with a little practice.
I just wish we can have the same content as we got 6-10 years ago
This only became of avid interest to him after Biden announced his candidacy.
>  I'm also not sure what it has to do with my original view.
stuff) and has social messages about american political climate and a global version which is not politically correct and without social messages?
But it's still relatively efficient compared to using a truck to transport oil.
He did the thing Democrats accuse him of - he's just saying it wasn't wrong for him to have withheld the aid and then hiding all of the evidence that proves it WAS wrong.
> Jeez, if there's importance but not urgency, why ask for an announcement at such a dubious moment in the first place?
After the campaign if Trump wins seems like adding insult to injury.
Can we agree that if the Bidens (or even just Joe Biden) are corrupt in their dealings with Ukraine, that that's something the American people ought to know before voting for him in November?
Okay, loading the dishwasher is actually a pretty complex tetris like game, and kids are bad at it.
It's impossible to distinguish a bad luck vs criminal negligence.
spoke with President Zelensky on April 21, President Trump ignored the recommendation of his
Then Feminism emerged and women rightly noted that they have a role and they are limited by that role.
>nobody should have the right to force me to like seeing two men kissing.
That prosecutor was also investigating Burisma, which had hired Joe Biden's son, Hunter Biden.
The consequence of your action would not have been the same though.
I think it depends on the context.
Again, they report to their direct agencies, not directly to the president.
Lol x) oh you, jatjqtjat!
I'm talking generally about negative words that people can't seem to accept, especially words commonly agreed upon to be offensive and rude and not to be used or even plain abusive.
It was ZELENSKY who was president when Trump withheld the aid on supposed suspicion of corruption and it was ZELENSKY who Trump asked to announce an investigation.
There are certain behaviours that are considered proper for a woman and other's that aren't.
None of the plot lines of any of those stories would have to change if the race of any of the characters changed (contrasted to something like Luke Cage, where a \*very\* central theme of the show involves race relations).
Fine it is.
So if you ND into someone's *face*, the penalty should be you being yelled at as well - does that sound right to you?
Edit to add:
Because he doesn't suspect that *all of Ukraine* is corrupt.
4.
Most people (myself included) go to university and sink tens of thousands of dollars into something that I may not even involve myself in later in life or at all even.
Just curious; are you defending countries like China, where films are routinely banned for containing homosexuality and dissenting political themes?
I can't seem to do something if I don't understand it... AKA I won't stop calling someone stupid until someone makes sense of it.
There's degrees to it.
At a loose definition, manslaughter refers to any case where negligence or criminal conduct leads to an (unintended) loss of life.
It was as obvious in May as it was in July that Biden had presidential aspirations.
**It is perfectly reasonable to hold both views but most (all afaik) societies mix both systems and this is also not "wrong".
As with everything else, the goal is to minimize that cost.
What kind of message might that send?
You should be more clear in what defines "driving like an asshole/idiot," what the punishment should be, and how it would be enforced.
Now you're saying:
I'm sure if information that something corrupt was done is found, the DOJ will then step in and prosecute.
And if you do kill someone, you'd be charged with manslaughter - this carries a higher penalty because now you've actually done what the warning was placed there to prevent you doing in the first place.
She can be a CEO if she really wants to (although there is still a glass ceiling) at the same time she can take time off work at look after her children.
These are not criminal statutes because citizens aren't in positions they can abuse for personal gain, only the president is.
Now, Zelensky could also be corrupt, which would make the request pointless, but he looks legit thus far.
**" Giuliani went out to go over his own investigation of "this Biden stuff" for the past six months.
Instead of making it one point, they divided it into two parts.
So I'm not disagreeing with you that polls **just like all statistics** are often misused for spin.
Increasing the minimum wage would cause a short-term spike in the amount of automation, but this is automation that was going to happen at some point anyway, it'd just happen a bit sooner.
Why?
They're intentionally trying to avoid bringing Hunter Biden into the conversation.
You argue that a bad luck action caused by random event that is likely to happen to anyone of us which under the right conditions can result in catastrophic failure should not be punished.
>It seems like the blanket argument for "weeding out" candidates is to plaster on a degree requirement for jobs, because then, at least those without degrees can be eliminated.
Do you think he should face more charges than just petty theft?
> Based on that, is there any moment that wouldn't seem dubious for some reason?
why is the senate shielding him?
>BUT HOW IS UKRAINIAN CORRUPTION BEING CURBED BY INVESTIGATIONS INTO *AMERICAN CITIZENS?
You think that insults are the same thing as criticism, and that the person you're insulting has to rationally explain why you're wrong, rather than you offering an explanation of why *they're* wrong.
>DOESN'T TRUMP HAVE A WHOLE DOJ AT HIS DISPOSAL TO INVESTIGATE ANY AMERICAN CITIZEN?
He's been caught so many times being deliberately dishonest, he no longer gets the benefit of doubt.
Or maybe you posted about the possibility on reddit :)
80% of the energy from a typical gas vehicle is lost in heat- not transfered into useful motion.
I gave a few examples in my post.
Recycling is dictated by supply and demand.
There is no possible justification in reducing the penalty for taking someone's life when it is not necessary.
By removing deterrent and punishment from bad luck-esq actions, you also removed a huge part of negligence or even straight up criminal behavior.
It's a much more believable explanation.
> The idea is that if someone is driving like an asshole, they have an incentive to stop and accept the lesser charge before they kill someone
> My actions would have been exactly the same, so why in one case should I get away with a ticket at worst, and in the other case spend years in jail?
I mean if it comes up in a conversation.
Much of the power is lost along the way so power cables can't be too long.
I absolutely disagree with that point.
Am I supposed to beleive that's the only corruption in all of Ukraine?
There are too many people doing too many stupid things on the road every day, and while many of them might create danger in a vacuum, a death gives us both a fixed criteria for further action and gives drivers an identifiable result to avoid.
In both of these types of offence, there is no need to prove the *mens rea* ('Guilty mind' element of a crime), only the *actus reus* (the 'actually committed an act' element).
This is what I'm understanding.
Trump has been president for three years and hasn't how did he concerned about Ukraine or Joe Biden or his son.
i don't have any hate for homosexuals they can do whatever they want i don't care but it doesn't change the fact that seeing two men kissing is very repulsive and i shouldn't have to witness that regularly on tv when i've basically never seen that in real life, its not representative of society, its just propaganda.
Recently though I have heard that saying those types of things is considered emotional abuse.
Only after I left did I find out that all surveys were in targeted areas to affect the results, and that the company was funded by one of that state's political parties.
Should we make 20 different James Bond films, each with a different nationality for the villains.
The thing is, this is the case almost all of the time.
We may invent new forms of geoengineering to do this, like by greening the Sahara, but the current methods being looked at will only exacerbate the issue.
But you must make at least close to the proposed minimum since you say you make good good money.
People are fat.
The president does not hold an investigative role.
Second, they ask why he was solely focused on American citizens and not any other corruption issues.
It is the job of other person to value your statements.
How would it look if Putin called Trump and said he wanted Trump to announce an investigation into Putin's political rival?
DOESN'T THIS RAISE RED FLAGS FOR ANY TRUMP SUPPORTER?
I'm becoming more frustrated by the day as  House Democrats neglect to make these points or ask these questions, which corrupt Republicans should be forced to answer.
The endgoal is near zero emissions, and that's impossible when everyone drives gas vehicles.
Why not be a little courteous to the new president and let him get oriented first?
u/psfrtps – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 2: 
Forget the timing and the foreign aid and everything else for a second.
If the American government suspects that an American citizen is guilty of a crime, regardless of where the crime was committed in the world, the American government is the one that would investigate.
The implication is that Joe Biden interfered in the Ukrainian investigation.
He's saying it's justified.
I mean why do you think he's being impeached?
1.
But you are actively calling for the censorship of politics you don't like in American art.
That is to say, in both of these offences it *doesn't matter if you intended to break the law, all that matters is that you broke it*.
There ought to be harsher penalties for irresponsible driving even when it doesn't cause an accident as a preventative measure, but that would require a lot more traffic policing, when cops often have other things to do.
If you can show me where he had concerns about Hunter Biden and Ukraine prior to 2019, then you may have a point.
The American government wouldn't outsource an investigation into an American citizen at all.
I think it would be fairly easy to convince a jury beyond a reasonable doubt that those explanations are bullshit.
In the second case, those traffic violations cost a life.
Instead, it will proceed on a record composed of a **relatively small number of witnesses with largely second-hand knowledge of the position.
All of that, including charging the cars, is part of the normal use of fossil fuels.
Furthermore, switching to electric cars while also switching away from coal-fired power plants are not mutually exclusive.
We don't say that about straight couples...
>Nor does the president of Ukraine have authority to conduct investigations into American citizens not living in Ukraine
Another popular argument is, "if two candidates are equal in every way except for the fact that one has a university degree and the other doesn't".
The obvious exceptions to this argument are highly-skilled and technical positions.
Does that make you feel better about yourself?
And yet, the video has 10million views, 165K likes to 3k dislikes, and Conan still has his show.
And of course, the bonus is that the carbon footprint of an electric vehicle will decrease over time as we evolve our power plants from fossil fuels, whereas gas powered vehicles are much more limited in their efficiency, and will never be net carbon neutral.
Why do you that when everything is supposedly on the up and up?
Doubtful, but they're Trump's only concern
Suddenly, just a few weeks ago, the House announced it would begin an impeachment inquiry and push for a final vote in just a matter of weeks.
Justice systems are built around incentives for compliance.
Etc.
The value they measure is something called "elasticity" which tells you for what percent increase of minimum wage you'd expect to see what percent decrease in jobs.
While conversion of vehicles to electrical, and the growing capacity of clean energy sources provides the ideal long term solution, these look to be too expensive for most of the planet to adopt in the next 20 years, so additional mitigating efforts are needed to save the planet.
tasked with combating corruption in Ukraine and elsewhere.165
Of course, there are many benefits to using electric cars like less maintenance, no clutch, no gears, no oil changes, more boot space, etc which I won't deny but what I don't get is how people are made to believe that by using electric cars we can save the environment which is not true.
This is all relevant to Australian law, but I imagine it's very similar across the UK and Canada, and other countries with a similar legal system.
However, automation will happen and is happening regardless of the minimum wage.
An electric car fed only by coal still puts out less pollution.
Men are desperate and most women still believe we live in a society that is sexist against women.
She can stay at home if she likes, she can work part time, she can work full time.
Well Zelensky is new in office.
>reports to both the Attorney General and the Director of National Intelligence, not to the president.
Reiterating what I've just said: the outcomes of geoengineering are not easily predicted or observed, and as such they carry an extremely high degree of risk.
So there was importance but not urgency to getting this work done.
I love your point.
I see immense value in it, but believe the application of it in weeding out otherwise perfectly sound candidates for jobs is an improper abuse of the system.
Those of us that want experience in a field are barred from opportunities because we are not connected to an institution or a person to gain knowledge about an industry.
Joe Biden allegedly got a former Ukrainian prosecutor fired for having just that suspicion.
If someone is in front of me, that same action is illegal.
>Or cases (like the punching example above) where there isn't an easy to tell how bad your actions were independent of the outcome.
I notice you ignored most of my larger point.
Don't you own your opinion?
So while articles may have been written on it, Trump was not biting.
You will always find million people more intelligent than you some way or other
Polling organizations are supposed to be neutral and just conduct the research.
Websites like fivethirtyeight actually grade polls on their methodologies so that you can identify bad polls with bad methodologies that are more likely to get things wrong.
BUT HOW IS UKRAINIAN CORRUPTION BEING CURBED BY INVESTIGATIONS INTO *AMERICAN CITIZENS?
These expectations emerged due to survival pressures and now that survival isn't so hard we're starting to notice that men and women don't have to be so different, we can be basically the same.
You've identified exactly the issue: degrees of a crime are often hard to measure, so the result gives us an objective criterion.
Maybe if there was some weird reflection on the lights that made the Green look illuminated you could argue Honest and Reasonable Mistake of Fact, but it'd be a hard sell * .
Wouldn't it be good to know if they used it?
In this case we have no control, though.
I don't really have much of an opinion on whether it should be illegal to drive like an idiot in a context where you can really be sure there's no one else around.
The second definition isn't actually very specific though... (source: google)
It is the only means of holding a criminal president accountable, since DOJ policy states a sitting president can't be indicted.
I'll grant you that if their underlying data had been better and had adjusted for education levels, they would've had an even better prediction that likely would've had Trump at a higher percentage chance.
Including investigations into Burisma.
When it comes to energy, you have to take the full cost into account.
>  Shouldn't we research, test, and understand these options and their associated risks?
Biden didn't covertly move to get the Ukrainian prosecutor removed - he did it out in the open, in accordance with US foreign policy.
Do you think fat people don't know they are fat?
This helps them better understand how they might be biasing their results with their wording.
It's the criminal law theory.
**
Calling them stupid accomplishes nothing.
Etc.
If you provide the true criticism, then the insult is unnecessary, and all you've done by using it is make the person you're talking to ignore your criticism by making yourself look like an asshole.
Hunter or Joe Biden called as "witnesses" to something they weren't witness to would backfire spectacularly.
President Trump's entire policy team agreed that President Zelensky was genuinely committed to
There's more to a government than just it's leader and rooting out corruption takes time.
Male nurses are the butt of jokes.
The opposite is true, and it is up to you to prove your innocence.
I tried to stick my hand in and reached for the sock but the area was just way too narrow.
In the original statement, you're stating exactly what your view is on people driving like an asshole/idiot.
No sense in gilding the lily.
That is exactly why you're wrong - you are asserting that the use of insulting words is somehow factual and useful.
>So in essence, what you have is a political process (impeachment) that is being pursued on a strictly partisan basis alleging no criminal activity within the articles voted on.
If you run a red light, you get a ticket for running the light.
I tell him that his arm is definitely thicker than mine and he won't be able to do it.
> were the Bidens the ONLY Americans involved with Burisma?
>
You tried to say that he must not be the head of the FBI because then he would have stopped the investigations; that's precisely the logic many of his defenders use because he actually *is* the head of the FBI.
Obviously, if you are performing heart surgery, arguing a high-profile court case or presenting in-depth financial data to a group of shareholders, you need BOTH a cooperative mindset and the educational background for the professions.
When you lump multiple different crimes into the same punishment, you have to punish all of those crimes as you would the worst of them, otherwise you create a situation where the punishment for a serious crime is so low that there's basically no penalty at all.
Which is not the FBI.
Vehicular manslaughter exists because drivers have to pay attention when driving and if they don't, they shouldn't walk away from killing someone with the same fine that someone who just ran a red light gets.
I'm not talking about Clueless gamer as a show but that particular episode where he ogle Lara Croft.
So in those cases where you do it in the worst way possible and kill someone, it makes sense to punish more severely.
There isn't some government agency to  determine that however, and it would be ridiculous and far too subjective a task to try to determine what the educational requirements for every job listing is.
There absolutely IS criminality alleged in the articles: abuse of power covers the extortion attempt of Ukraine as well as the Impoundment Act, which was violated.
And that is exactly what happened.
My thoughts about that last statement about the last general election have changed due to another comment so we are now in agreement about that.
That's approximately two months into Zelensky's presidency.
The stupid people, if you want to call them that, can still do a lot, but they are slower and they can't tackle the more complex problem.
Fighting climate change is a free rider problem.
In addition, I agree with your point that people often take a single poll as evidence for their viewpoint in an argument, but using a collection of polls from quality pollsters is actual evidence that someone could use to make a point.
You can install a solar panel on your roof right now and sell the power you generate to the grid.
I think North Korea has more control over their targeting than that ...
Only after Joe Biden announced his candidacy and Trump viewed him as a political threat.
Why does that mean the punishment should be different?
Conan has 45 Clueless Gamer segments uploaded on YouTube including the one you just linked.
I think not.
How severe blowing a light is depends on a lot of things like your speed, your reaction time to a honk, if you maintained your brakes well, if you swerve out of the way, etc.
Also - as a kind of thought experiment why don't I make the counter-argument and we can see how you argue the point?
Not saying to someone looking at a dress that they are too fat to fit in a dress so they shouldn't buy it.
I have used all those words.
when a movie is bad then its bad but when you watch something and every 10 minutes they try to pass some political message to brainwash people it's just not what entertainment should be about.
do you like watching people take a shit ?
Uh... What?
my main problem is shows that are done with woke propaganda in mind and are ruined by it.
I don't see why we shouldn't just punish those things severely whether or not you kill someone.
> It is known that polls can be "skewed" to make a point seem more valid.
This is a bit ridiculous.
Same action, but in one case someone gets seriously hurt - even though no part of your actions differs between the two situations, even if you didn't know the dude was standing there, the outcomes are **very** different.
They spent 13 hours discussing the need for witnesses, not the evidence they already have.
It's really only worthwhile if you have a pipeline installed already.
To achieve that end gender roles were created.
>'m open to valid legal arguments, but not to the typical Trumpian schoolyard antics.
All killing of a human that is not based on self defense, defense of another, as a function of a legally issued execution order, as a function of war, or that is a non-negligent accident is and should be a crime.
Those two statements seem pretty contradictory and an indication that your view has been changed, at least in part.
If you just remove the consequence part then even the simple act of pouring water on the ground can lead you to 20 years in jail because you never take into account the different consequences.
Seems suspiciously selective.
and you know it
Jeez, if there's importance but not urgency, why ask for an announcement at such a dubious moment in the first place?
They an extreme minority ( like not even 0,1%) on my country and we don't have any problems with ones who already lives here.
I don't know what Conan's got to do with this, maybe you meant to reply to someone else.
> The Zelensky administration, by contrast, is dedicated enough to rooting out corruption that we can trust them, but corrupt enough that we needed to suspend aid to them because of corruption concerns?
Why should we take on the added risk of geoengineering?
> That would lower the standards for vehicle safety in very real way.
There are still expectations on women, the difference is that there has been change over many decades.
There's obviously the emissions from the car.
No-one has said this before, so I fear it may be more of a local law terminology and called something else in other countries - but here in Australia, we have **Absolute Liability** and **Strict Liability** offences.
The second compelling argument is that it creates a moral hazard against greenhouse gas reduction.
You should probably read the book " Games People Play "
Why would you actively choose to compromise art?
> As someone who works only 20 hours a week on average
by comparing the most fuel efficient diesel car with an EV in a state which is very much coal-based, assuming a low number of miles driven, all this to make the EV look worse.
You can't, because they wouldn't accept the advice and just get offended at you for mentioning something bad about them...
The robber only intended to commit theft, but he killed someone.
First, I don't know why I threw gerrymandering in there.
The reason you worded them that way is because they are all open questions, one that you fill in with what seems like an obvious answer.
"**
Again, it's not always true, but reading resumes is a hard way to find a new hire and sorting based on degree attainment is a simple way to help in that endeavor.
That may be part of why Trump would feel the need to talk to Zelensky directly rather than letting the situation be handled by the lower level officials who should be handling it.
The President is head of the executive branch.
The more we raise minimum wage, the more jobs we lose.
But it would somehow come up.
On a per-watt basis, coal plants generally generate fewer pounds of CO2 per watt of power than most internal combustion engines.
So the issue is largely about *why* companies want to see a bachelor's degree.
So the data we are able to gather, no matter how much money and resources we pump into it, will always be temporally and spatially limited.
I don't want my games getting censored because some American feminist might get triggered, I don't want American comedians limit themselves because of political correctness, I don't want any social messages about relations in USA.
It didn't see the construction worker, the logger, the sewage worker, the fireman, the trucker.
Leave them with their problems.
So like on that first point, there's no evidence to say Trump only cared once Biden announced his candidacy.
Without certain witnesses and documents, a lot of this can be called hearsay even if it seems pretty obvious.
Witcher universe is explicitly not the real world.
The American government can't simply send the FBI into the Ukraine to start poking around.
In your follow up statement you're saying that you don't really have much of an opinion at all on people driving like an asshole/idiot in some circumstances.
Did you ever think about that?
If polls were as skewed as you say they were, we would expect 50% of the polls to skew pro-Trump, and the other 50% to skew anti-Trump.
\- battery prodcution is not a clean industry, but compare it to the effects oil drilling
You might not believe that is the reason for why, but everything is basically assumptions of the state of mind at this point.
It seems like a perfect comprimize.
We don't need get lectured about social justice since we don't see those things as 'problems'.
[removed]
Also I never meant that people should just go around describing people for no apparent reason.
For example Disney cutting Finn from the poster of TFA for China and Disney again cutting lesbian kiss scene from ROTS on Singapore.
Confirmed: 1 delta awarded to /u/AnythingApplied ([255∆](/r/changemyview/wiki/user/AnythingApplied)).
One CSPAN caller asked about that.
But i don't poke around much with other people.
First, they question Trump's claim that he cared about corruption in Ukraine.
Seeing that we're probably never going to stop completely and that we've already done quite a bit, what OP is suggesting is that investing some of the funds that currently go to trying to stop what we're doing into trying to understand and direct it might yield a better chance for improvement, even if it's not 100% guaranteed that we'll get it right.
The Bidens aren't Ukrainian.
In the first case, you're simply breaking some traffic violations.
I'm not sure what gerrymandering is doing in there; district lines are known at the time of the polls and thus are accounted for.
He did not suspect Zelensky.
The only three direct conversations with President Trump do not contain a statement of a quid pro quo and two expressly deny such a pre-condition.
Trump has never been shy about making accusations of corruption.
They are still the protectors.
**
Accept that you're fat.
Even the US has had corrupt politicians.
You simply called me stupid and didn't explain why I'm stupid.
You also can't observe every point on the earth's surface, oceans, and atmosphere simultaneously all the time.
That he should not get offended but discuss the idea and reach a conclusion and/or compromise with this girl.
> BUT HOW IS UKRAINIAN CORRUPTION BEING CURBED BY INVESTIGATIONS INTO AMERICAN CITIZENS?
One way to do that in hiring is to minimize how much time gets wasted on people you won't hire.
But actual investigations were never the point.
that is what is in the articles of impeachment.
People are insecure and hate acknowledging their shortcomings.
Love isn't disgusting.
Regardless, I agree with you on this point.
Perhaps iron fertilization causes significant levels of ocean acidification, but sulfer aerosols released in the antarctic cause only minor detriment to wildlife.
([from here](https://www.fbi.gov/about/leadership-and-structure/international-operations), emphasis added)
And he also would have never allowed the Russia investigation by the FBI if he had control over what the FBI does.
I disagree that it explains the delay.
While you might be right on the *authority* aspect, but this is quite literally why we have intelligence agencies.
In this instance, I see no substance to the accusation.
Or get a raise.
I mean companies are already doing things like that.
> We focus on outcomes because they're really important, and we know that even with quite dangerous things like drunk driving and drag racing, deaths are pretty rare.
They need to be spelled out the way that I did so that they are for layperson consumption.
Undoubtedly.
The timing is bad because Biden is running for President.
I don't think anyone would be thinking "oh I already drove drunk for one block and nobody saw me, so now I might as well kill someone."
Thanks for this, I think it's a good framework.
That is what Trump was asking for.
I didn't think it was real, it was just a prank bro
Investigation is not conviction.
I have seen where Trump called Zelensky corrupt, although I have heard him say that Ukraine is.
But the question is to what extent?
Why isn't he as concerned about the corruption in Russia?
A US president should not be asking another country's president to announce an investigation into US citizens.
The issue would not be calling him fat, the issue would be being a dick and calling him fat just to seek to make him feel uncomfortable.
I'm saying you're stupid so that you will see and acknowledge the flaw in your reasoning.
Some pollsters know what they're doing and want to portray reality truthfully rather than support one side or the other, and other pollsters (which I would argue are the minority) are less qualified and might have some partisan leanings.
I don't think when it's for the sake of it.
](https://www.npr.org/2019/07/12/741283641/episode-926-so-should-we-recycle) Meanwhile, recycling an old iPhone or Tesla battery is highly profitable.
They spelled out very clear evidence in the House hearings and are basing their arguments in the trial around that evidence.
If you get caught speeding, you get a ticket for speeding.
We had a cut to penalty rates for weekends here in Australia.
Mulvaney admitted the same.
I didn't say anything about randomly insulting people left and right for no reason.
To understand the difference:
Does that make sense?
So yeah.
It often isn't because of what you *learned* from that degree but from what having that degree (or not having it) says about the applicant.
Not an act of murder, my foot just missed the brake.
her mom was wrong to call her stupid.
And as President, he's in a good position to start an investigation.
There's really no necessary connection between these things.
Law isn't just based on what something has been done, but also to the degree it has hurt someone, otherwise you're just going to end up with too lax or too severe punishments and that's not what law is meant to do.
Because your decision to drive wrecklessky lead to death.
> **Don't be rude or hostile to other users.
Just be normal.
Because the crime goes from negligent driving to negligent driving costing a life.
They're focused on one aspect, Trump's behavior, and only that.
If corruption is an issue in another country, one way to deal with it is point it out when that happens and pressure them to keep it clean.
So when, exactly, is the right time for Trump to ask Zelensky to investigate the Bidens' involvement with Burisma?
Fat, selfish, distractible... Other examples would be crazy, irresponsible, gluttonous... We all have flaws and there's a bunch of different words we can use to describe those flaws.
Are you superior to them?
Recycling a heavy metal from an old battery is more profitable than mining new heavy metals.
I see the flaw in my statement you'd replied to.
Anyways, How about American companies make an 'american version' which is politically correct (censored on 'offensive?'
To be sure they *do* seem suspicious, which is why the impeachment proceedings are happening.
*but not really...because isn't Zelensky's alleged corruption the reason they withheld military aid?
Okay but shouldn't the minimum wage at least rise with inflation!
It was and still is (not all Feminism, but for the most part) a biased movement that sees the role men are conditioned to play as a form of male power and male freedom not of male powerlessness and bondage.
Regardless, I'll rephrase it like this.
FOR TL/dr purposes, my points/questions are in all caps.
Unless done under perfect circumstances where McConnell formally promises to subpoena white house officers in exchange for the Bidens' testimonies, bringing in the Bidens just dilutes the strong argument already being made.
> My view is that *driving like an asshole/idiot* is a crime and should have criminal consequences.
What about the next Blade is white?
Job adverts always put down higher requirements than the minimum they'd accept, to try and deter people who are just spam-applying to everything that even vaguely applies to them.
you've got to watch the house testimony.
Now, while some studies have measured it as 0 (as others have linked to here), meaning no employment loss, other studies have found it to just be a pretty low value of something like 
That's what they accused him of.
Now, it's 100% possible that what Biden did was completely on the up and up.
I think all those words should be accepted and/or discussed.
* Figures out how reliable the polling company is and gives them extra weight or diminished weight based on historical accuracy
These are American citizens & the FBI can investigate American citizens outside of the US.
Well first of all, because Ukraine interfered in the 2016 election.
while praising a corrupt Ukrainian prosecutor general,164 and oversaw efforts to cut foreign programs
I'm a little confused where you get the idea that Dems aren't making these arguments.
Cos I've called you stupid so now you know why you're wrong.
Would it not be important to find out if a white house used financial aid to a country as leverage to get their children out of trouble?
It doesn't when you consider the previous Ukrainian administration was considered corrupt and that Zelensky was only elected in April of 2019.
The situation is far fetched because of vehicular manslaughter.
Still food service is not my thing and I'd rather stay with the job I have now until I finish college.
), except now we're not even trying to direct it.
I'm saying it shouldn't and people should be more open to different words and general criticism.
I'm talking about the same movie, shows, games...etc
Or maybe you want to vet out and idea or help a friend by giving them advice.
This means we give them the freedom to hire who they want, as long as they don't discriminate against certain protected classes.
You can try to choose to redefine that but society will in the end define what fat means.
"they put them everywhere" can you stop talking about minorities like they're some sort of pest that you have to deal with?
If you have no relevant work experience, then a degree just shows your worthy of a potential chance.
>Moreover, had President Trump truly sought to assist Ukraine's anti-corruption efforts, he
By comparison, the only defence for an Absolute Liability offence (eg.
i think this is actually the least glaring.
If most of the electricity generated was by hydropower plants then I can agree that we can bring the emission levels down all around the world but when most of the electricity is generated by coal how does that even help?
> Hacking voting booths, outright cheating and gerrymandering have muddied the waters so much politically...how in the world could a poll be THAT accurate
As technology costs fall and new machines are invented, more and more jobs find themselves in a position where the initial cost of machines makes more sense than paying workers to do the machine's job.
For oil, that means getting it out of the ground, refining it, transporting it to a local gas station, and then burning it in a car.
I bring both of these up because - in Australia at least - they entirely answer your question.
The roundabout arguments are therefore necessary.
In Scenario B - where you run the red light and hit a pedestrian - 'two' crimes occur, but through a single action (negligent driving, manslaughter).
If the the punishment varies significantly due to circumstances outside my control, then that doesn't provide any incentive for me to comply with the law.
Ken Starr's investigation into Bill Clinton's Whitewater dealings resulted in Bill being impeached for lying about a sexual encounter in the White House years later.
In the situation you describe, your negligence (dangerous driving) caused death.
It's like you won't look at the full picture because it looks too bad, so you ask me to focus on a string of detached elements.
Like, who is black in the series.
/edit
> leaving dangerously reckless people on the streets
And on average, someone with a degree is going to be more capable.
we don't know the long term effects that will occur 10, 20, 100, or 1000 years down the road.
If placing more responsibility does reduce the number of traffic accidents than placing the responsibility on pedestrians for example.
I probably should have backed up and said I don't know much about guns, so there may well be things I'm not considering with that specific case.
8.
consultation with the State Department, had certified in May 2019 that Ukraine satisfied all anticorruption standards needed to receive the Congressionally appropriated military aid, yet President
Gasoline is brought to refineries using trains, ships, and pipelines, which are efficient (although the ships burn very dirty due to the use of heavy bunker oil), but the gasoline is brought to gas stations using diesel trucks.
I'm asking for help right now.
The 17 Intelligence Agencies all concur that Russia, not Ukraine was responsible for interference in the 2016 election.
We just need "wants to smear a political opponent" to be a more believable explanation for the whole situation than "super cares about corruption in Ukraine suddenly".
There are millions of reasons why people talk to each.
I understand you feel that you have some stronger language than the House managers do, but they're saying all of these things.
It's not *that much* better at this point, but it is better.
