TL;DR: Between the right wing (and I'll just be using that as shorthand for "non-Muslim/white right wing" since Muslims are also technically right wing) and Muslims, the right wing has about a 3 to 1 lead on the number of incidents while the death toll is pretty close to 1 to 1.
Yes!
That's fair, but I also wouldn't be writing this if people weren't trying to use right wing terrorism stats to say something about the right.
For some reason they differentiate the right-wing violence based on whose imaginary friend was the motivation.
If you want to say that neither right wing nor Islamic extremism say anything at all about the right wing or Muslim communities as a whole, I'm fine with that.
If you did youd have to conclude that whites are the primary victims of police brutality.
If you did, that would bring Muslims down from being ~30x more deadly than right wingers to ~15x more deadly.
Which is still 5x more likely.
It doesn't seem useful for the average person, other than an excuse to discriminate.
So what gives?
I'm making the claim that on a per capita basis Muslims as a demographic are both more likely to commit terrorism and have a higher body count than right wingers.
Though I'm not sure every conservative would agree to the term right wing, I see your point.
So does white right wing mean white conservative according to gallop?
In case of racial bias, the question is whether individual black people are *disproportionally* likely to be victimized.
>That's why we can't ignore them or try and make the claim that people are more likely to the victims of terrorism by extremist Muslims.
This is what we call "Reddit Chum"
But youd only arrive at that conclusion because they have 4x the population that blacks do; if you account for that population disparity you'll find that blacks are actually more likely to get shot, arrested, incarcerated, etc.
Because that's not what I asked.
But your CMV is ill-defined, since it mixes in a normative argument: namely, what *defines* a threat?
That's a significant drop, granted, but the general point that they're multitudes more deadly on a per capita basis would still stand, no?
The empirical argument is the one you're actually digging into: how do we *measure* whether a given group is deadlier than the other?
And 60% of conservatives white, so let's say 17%?
Want to know what White nationalism has brought?
Violent white nationalists account for 30% of the population?
Nukes and gatling guns can kill a lot more people than pistols but which one are you more likely to be killed by?
I'm not saying that there isn't a problem with extremist Muslim attacks, but statistically a person is far more likely to be the victim of a right wing terrorist attack in the US even if you are equally likely (from a statistical standpoint) to die from an extremist Muslim terrorist attack because right wing terror attacks are much more common even if they are less deadly.
:)
I mean to take your auto accident example, statistically you're most likely to be killed by a white driver, and you're also most likely to be assisted by a white person if you were injured in a car accident... but that has nothing to do with white people as a race and is purely a result of them being an overwhelming portion of the population.
From your own source a single incident accounts for over 50% of the deaths, which hugely skews the data.
There are thousands of heavily armed people in the US just waiting for the "Boogaloo" to happen.
On a per capita basis, you might be right: on a per capita basis, it's perfectly possible that Muslims account for more deaths per head than "right wingers".
I mean if one accounts for 30% of the population and the other accounts for 1% but they both have a similar death toll, that means the 1% is ~30x more deadly on a per capita basis.
> And I dont see why we shouldnt adjust for population.
Concentration camps.
I mean you'll note they didnt include 9/11 at ~3,000 deaths.
Most useful stats do.
The thing about playing with statistics like this is that you can massage them however you want to make whatever point you want depending on the lens you apply and how you choose to interpret that data.
As for "a per capita basis", that's a garbage metric even if it's accurate.
Freaking Nazi Germany.
Reviewing this I actually had pretty shitty composition of this CMV.
[If we were to look at the most deadly mass shootings in the United States by body count](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mass_shootings_in_the_United_States#Deadliest_mass_shootings_since_1949), to use that as a statistic, of the top ten; 8 of those were committed by white terrorists, one was a south korean, and one was an american raised muslim.
Muslim terrorism in the United States and Europe creates shootings.
>I dont see why we shouldnt adjust for population.
Threat to safety isn't measured in a per capita basis.
Body count as a statistic shows efficacy of the attack, acts of terror as a statistic shows likelihood of committal.
Well, for one thing, the analysis quoted in your OP doesn't go back as far as 9/11, let alone to Timothy Mcveigh.
>And of course leftists/antifa-types love to harp on this point since it makes the totality of their opposition look bad.
If anything, Muslim domestic terrorism might be a threat *precisely because it can cause right-wing hyper-nationalism as a backlash*, in which case we're back to the latter being the greater threat, even if it's triggered out of the former.
Because if it's the former, you need to [account](https://www.pewforum.org/2017/07/26/demographic-portrait-of-muslim-americans/) for socioeconomic status (more Muslims are poor), age (Muslims are younger), place of residence (Muslims live closer to population centers), etc.
The total number of fatalities is about the same for far right wing violent extremists and radical Islamist violent extremists over the approximately 15-year period (106 and 119, respectively).
As for the rest of your post, I think that it is valuable to consider population demographics when discussing the relative frequency of terrorism, but not to the exclusion of absolute numbers.
To be fair, it's the same imaginary friend, it's just they disagree on what he likes.
I *have* seen people include McVeigh at ~170 deaths in analysis of this sort.
In the same way, domestic terrorism from right-wingers in the West threatens the very fabric of our society.
You can take issue with the empirical claim, but I don't think it's wise to mix that critique with the question of which poses a greater threat.
In Muslim countries today--for example, let's take Turkey--I would argue that rising fundamentalism and Islamism is an incredibly severe threat.
While it's definitely possible that a greater portion of Muslims per capita commit terrorism that results in death, that's not the whole story.
What are we doing with this information?
Why would a leftist care about the race of a violent rightwinger?
It depends on what the actual question is.
Muslim terrorists are just Islamic right-wingers and it's hilarious that Christian right wingers don't see it.
And of course leftists/antifa-types love to harp on this point since it makes the totality of their opposition look bad.
This claims 80% of jihadists in the US are from the US https://www.newamerica.org/in-depth/terrorism-in-america/who-are-terrorists/ so each white right winger citizen has a .0000013% chance of being a terrorist and .0000062% chance.
I'm not sure if you're just defining them as white people who are registered Republicans (which doesn't seem like an ideal metric) or there's a different calculation going on here
Sure.
It is in this regard that a motor vehicle accident is a greater threat to my life than the coronavirus.
And Muslims as 3.5 million.
Oh crap.
If it's cherry picking to exclude 9/11 by arbitrarily just looking at the time since that and making a judgement then can't you say the same about every historical event?
>This is especially true when it comes to using death toll numbers, since as your own source notes 52% of the deaths from Islamic terrorism in the past 15 years come from a single event.
1.
If so isn't around 27% of the US conservative?
Do these extend to our culture, or are they only part of the legal system?
Shootings in a Synagogue remind us of our grizzly European roots, where some of the worst antisemitism in history is only but a generation removed from us.
2.
If we look at it through that lens, suddenly its 8:1 odds on white terrorists committing more effective attacks...
It's rightwing violence either way.
Basically, my argument is that terrorism and hyper-right-wing politics within a substantial group in the population is *more* of a threat than the same from a marginal group.
Lynchings.
I have seen people include McVeigh at ~170 deaths in analysis of this sort.
Your definition of "right wing" is also a bit fuzzy, most people quoting statistics about this disparity are probably referring to a much smaller population of extreme right wing activists / supporters that doesn't include 30% of the population.
Sure, they are *deadlier*, but I don't know if that automatically proves your point that they are a greater threat on the whole.
Similarly, even if Muslim terrorism is more deadly on a "per capita" basis, I am much more likely to encounter a right wing terrorist than a Muslim terrorist, meaning that right wing terrorism is a greater threat to me.
I don't know why you used this article as an example of how left wing people claim that right wing terrorism is a greater threat than Islamic terrorism.
I'm kinda wondering why it matters.
I've seen a lot of mainstream news outlets publishing things about how white right wingers are the greatest domestic terrorism threat, or how they committed all/most terrorism in a given year.
Exactly.
Most useful stats do.
What do we truly value?
>According to a 2017 report by the U.S. Government Accountability Office, "of the 85 violent extremist incidents that resulted in death since September 12, 2001, right wingviolent extremist groups were responsible for 62 (73 percent) while radical Islamist violent extremists were responsible for 23 (27 percent).
Sure, they mention somebody making that claim in the article, but that article is clearly disagreeing with that notion, and I don't think they are doing so in good faith considering that they berate the guy for suggesting we exclude a statistical outlier that massively skews the figures.
Why would you include 9/11, the perpetrators weren't domestic
"* When in reality, these right-wingers are a truly launching the single biggest systemic challenge to the Muslim community--with deep, core questions that get at the very root of the social fabric in these communities.
Simply reducing it to the mere body count isn't sufficient here.
I'm not trying to invoke Godwin's law here--by all means, consider the following argument, and don't just stop at this example--but when we account for social power, domestic terrorism from the extreme right wing is absolutely a greater threat.
If I ask whether the US or Syria has the larger armed forces, you wouldn't answer that Syria has 7.1 and the us has 4.1 soldiers per 1000 capita.
Usually we want to avoid manipulating statistics to generate an outcome were trying to generate lol
I mean you'll note they didnt include 9/11 at ~3,000 deaths.
>Your definition of "right wing" is also a bit fuzzy, most people quoting statistics about this disparity are probably referring to a much smaller population of extreme right wing activists / supporters that doesn't include 30% of the population.
So then youd say that people who adjust by population to show that blacks are disproportionately targeted by police are wrong to do so, and the people who dont "manipulate" the stats showing that whites are actually most victims of police brutality are in the right?
That number might not be entirely accurate, but considering Wuhan doctors were using "extreme pneumonia" as the cause of death before this got out, its not looking promising.
East asian origin (on account of their meat markets being hotbeds for disease and their companies exporting worldwide)
 - 2014: Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa
[Federal officials plan to expand screenings for the infection at major airports](https://external-preview.redd.it/pw1ndP9T0PWBCrMFudZIokpsj30r1Eckx4UO40qlFMs.jpg?auto=webp&s=1988ffe7557ad385397a74917f9856e7848181f4).
Would you not consider HIV/AIDS a pandemic?
There is always that chance that it will mutate into something that will kill millions.
If you live in area where the virus is actually present them it's a different story.
And yes, sometimes it turns out that these don't have the death rate we were initially worried about or once we get a chance to study them we realize it wasn't as much of an issue.
That is the most threatening aspect.
(around 0.02%) They think people are contagious without being symptomatic too.
3) The average person with the flu does not die.
We've been doing just fine in the last 50 years and it's highly unlikely that a virus could threaten us today.
The conditions are as follows:
2) The common flu does not have the same containment.
Therefore I see no reason for anyone to worry about the new Wuhan virus.
It may only happen every 250-500 years, but I think it is worth taking caution.
Why didn't this happen already?
Viruses and bacteria mutate at an enormous speed.
> A man in Washington State is infected with a new respiratory virus.
>1996: Bovine spongiform encephalopathy (BSE), commonly known as mad-cow disease
>Therefore I see no reason for anyone to worry about the new Wuhan virus.
 - 2015: Zika virus outbreak
The Spanish flu.
It killed tens of millions.
Their death toll is tiny compared to global deaths from regular flu and would basically go unnoticed if it wasn't for the global panic.
There are several reasons for that.
By the time you catch your first case it may be spread halfway around the world already.
So it's not a tiny death toll annually compared to the flu.
There was the Spanish flu back in 1918, but that was before modern sanitation standards emerged.
>2015: Zika virus outbreak
But it is an unknown.
I'm not even arguing for 5-10x more fear than for the normal flu, but some containment measures seem reasonable considering the still unknown lethality and contagiousness.
>  Their death toll is tiny compared to global deaths from regular flu
It is exactly BECAUSE we overreacted that it wasn't more problematic.
The H2N2 epidemic killed 1,000,000 people in 1968, including 15% of Hong Kong's population.
- How many people on average get infected by one infected person?
- What is the survival rate for people infected with the virus?
H5N1 is the one that killed more people than World War One.
> Would you say that people are overreacting to try to address that not unrealistic chance that this will kill millions of people?
An article said 600 known cases with 17 fatalities as of now but most of the cases are still 'sick' and not in recovery.
Because a combination of the health organizations around the world doing their job and getting lucky that these cases turned out to each have factors that prevented them from going full pandemic.
This is that.
This one seems to be transmitted through ariborne droplets - coughing if you will as well as by contact.
> never end up as dangerous as predicted.
Next, nobody is saying that Coronavirus will 100% be a pandemic.
CMV.
3.
It could easily mutate to become more virulent.
> Why didn't this happen already?
>2014: Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa
2.
1) The realized death tolls you see are the *result of all of the containment efforts*.
1.
Other potential pandemics (Zika, Ebola) has limiting factors that this one does not.
Airbourne transmission
I thought there were something like 45 deaths so far?
We don't know the current death rate.
So no, an outbreak of a novel virus we know little about that has killed people is something to worry about.
> but for instance H1N1 killed about 5-10x more people in 2009-2010 than the normal flu does
Ebola?
But there is no reason for that to have been the case other than pure luck of the draw.
We are early into the outbreak and the cases have not had time to run the full course yet.
Long incubation period 
I would say you should start panicking only once the death toll from the new disease exceeds the death toll from the common flu for a given month and region.
[First Patient With Wuhan Coronavirus Is Identified in the U.S.](https://www.nytimes.com/2020/01/21/health/cdc-coronavirus.html):
If they can move it to a 4% chance of reaching pandemic levels by "overreacting" isn't that worthwhile?
Suppose these have a 10% chance of turning into a massive pandemic.
If a disease like the flu were to mutate to be more deadly and at the same time mutate to have a longer incubation period... we're in a lot of trouble.
Source?
The likelihood of you surviving this one is very slim
We don't know how rapidly it has spread.
Not air transmissible, unlike this new virus.
So I'd say that's very dangerous.
- How much do we know?
Since this is a novel virus, never before seen, we don't have treatments other than pallative care, no vaccines, and no real good indication of how deadly it is.
 - 2009: Pandemic H1N1/09 Influenza
It was killing people .
I'll quote Wikipedia, which [compiled a handy list](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Health_crisis#Examples):
BSE is a prion disease, and once we figured that out, the concern stopped.
Are you talking about the total death toll?
I'm wrong
The real questions that need asked and answered are these:
And that doesn't necessarily look any different than how all these other cases appeared initially.
This is our extinction event
>2009: Pandemic H1N1/09 Influenza
There's like 10 peoole that have died.
>The common pattern among these epidemics is that despite all the uproar in the media and among politicians, these diseases never end up as dangerous as predicted.
So there a flaw in your argument.
For example, SARS ended up just not being very transmissible.
That fatality number can readily go up.
 - 1996: Bovine spongiform encephalopathy (BSE), commonly known as mad-cow disease
4) Average people *have died* from MERS- coronavirus.
I would think this depends entirely on where you live.
- How robust is the virus outside the host?
While it is more than likely that the virus wont become the world changing epidemic as you described.
And as you said, if you completely ignore contagious diseases you get the Spanish flu which was VERY lethal.
> If a disease like the flu were to mutate to be more deadly and at the same time mutate to have a longer incubation period
- Can it be tranmitted in the incubation and non-symptomatic phase of infection?
H1N1 has a mortality rate of .02% this virus has a mortality rate of 3-4 percent.
Every few years we hear about a new emerging pandemic.
And I did respond to that.
I didnt just decide that this is so, I do look for these bad omens constantly everyday.
An omen is just an interpretation of events.
How you react to the "omens" is just another thing your brain makes up.
The point IS that there isnt anything.
So unless you can think of what that "something internal" is then it's pointless.
Why is that?
Coincidences are a part of the narrative we tell ourselves, of the dimension of beauty and subjective experience of life.
I am a self proclaimed skeptic but also a christian.
I try to make patterns.
Why shouldn't it construct them from patterns that I notice?
And what do petrified trees have to do with God and religion
Why havent I created one out of this that's just as bad as what were debating about is good?
And the day I saw the meemee me and my family went to a park with petrified trees.
The good ones are.
Why?
It's called a revealed preference
I dont know if I'm misunderstanding you
If that makes any sense.
I had no idea what was in store for me in that game.
I have observed that I will try to connect things to make a negative pattern that scares me.
Even if you haven't, that's not the point of what people are telling you.
I'm not going to ignore the explanation, it's just wrong.
They are distinct.
Theres no assuming whatsoever.
That literally does nothing to prove that it couldn't be a coincidence.
It's normal to think about, though.
I am biased towards bad things as well.
](https://science.howstuffworks.com/life/inside-the-mind/human-brain/baader-meinhof-phenomenon.htm)
Prove it please, or at least use some facts
I dont know what you mean.
We think a royal flush is a sign of god or lady luck but an equally probable hand gets forgotten because it holds no value in poker.
And that's something everybody thinks at some point, that this is too weird to just be random chance.
I'm talking about omens as something that one could perceive as an omen.
even if this was a sign to get me to love norway, and it was from god, this god doesnt seem particularly purposeful.
I wont die on the petrified tree hill.
But if there is a way that these could happen specifically and not other things that correlate strongly somehow I'd like to know
3 is just an assumption I don't agree with.
Totally ignoring the fact that these things are only internal
Not to mention the second statement is circular.
Are you basically saying i dont have anxiety?
I am scared about this.
Your not listening.
Edit: people mention baader meinhof phenomenon.
I'm saying all of the incidents you described in your OP are very common, and something pretty much everybody agrees with.
I'm sorry, but I don't even know what you're arguing anymore
This is literally what I'm saying -- you just didn't notice them.
You're assuming there should be a different reaction to the negative "omens" or that the "omens" you see should be different.
I explained it's because I have ocd.
I don't remember what it's called (I want to say the Baader-Meinhof Phenomenon, but I don't think that's right because that's about frequency), but this is something that almost everybody experiences.
If someone says they like something but never choose to consume it, you can know that they don't actually like it.
However I am equally as likely to notice something and think its telling me I'm wrong.
I didnt want it to happen.
Ok maybe Im misunderstanding what you mean by skepticism
(Yeah sounds irrational) Then afterwards I go onto r/dankmemes and I see a meme about something specific thing that had happened to me that day.
When I watch scrubs I can even see memes from the same episode sometimes on the internet.
Nor since
They just always never went anywhere or were convincing enough.
Font try to take the highground when your clearly dancing around my points.
Not sure why you wouldnt believe in scrubs.
Could you rephrase it please?
So this post is just trying to create a problem out of an assumption that is unwarranted
What exactly do you mean by revealed preference?
The argument in the first place is just on whether or not they are supernatural.
I mean that I had no knowledge of what a petrified tree was in the past.
None of these are evm related to post itself except for the fact that I'm talking about them here.
I played the witcher 3 a few years ago.
In fact, we are so good at it sometimes we connect the dots even when there isn't a pattern to connect.
In all likelihood, you just happened to have those thoughts before the events occurred, or retroactively misremembered what you had been thinking about.
Should I believe in Scrubs now?
You absolutely are.
Saying something is a preference is not the same as saying you want it to happen.
I have caused myself anxiety in the past because of events I thought might've been bad omens.
since you are skeptical?
Like of hopelessness or death.
I look for them actively.
Everyone is biased.
Not what I meant.
So I'm going to look for things that are demoralising or threatening.
What do you mean?
Look into his word to get closer.
Because Occam's Razor suggests that the simplest explanation is likely the correct one.
And the day I saw the meme me and my family went to a park with petrified trees.
I thought you were skeptical if these coincidence/signs are real or not.
It doesn't actually have to be one.
I dont know what your talking about.
But the p. Trees could very well be coincidence far more likely than the other ones.
You're using an assumption that is obviously incorrect to justify it
No it's about some things I believe are supernatural.
But I think the odds are quite good that you're are all just coincidence.
it's unlikely that *everybody* is receiving some kind of special sign).
What do you mean by wrong?
how many times does it have to happen before it convinces you god exists?
Human brains are super good at recognizing patterns.
There can be no response to the post other than a bias in your brain.
(or i perceive it as such) so i see a skull and crossbones and think I'll die.
It aired.
I cant understand this.
I have ocd and its self sabotaging all the time.
 http://mossdreams.blogspot.com/2015/03/the-play-of-coincidence-can-shape-whole.html?m=1
 **Δ**  This is true.
To clarify, I am aware that not having a military would allow other nations to bully us, and vets and military personal have to deal with a lot of awful things.
Again, I am all for having a military, especially for defensive purposes.
But overall, the world has experienced the longest period of relative peace in human history since 1945.
Ya, they protect your freedom by actively addressing global threats.
>But Canada has fought in the past because it knew if it didn't it would have to one day face a direct threat on its soil.
>Because by existing the military keeps other powers and countries from trying to take away your freedom.
The United States military and the Monroe Doctrine which tacitly tells any potential foreign aggressor to stay the hell out of the Americas.
As far as I am aware, no one is coming to take my freedom.
Because a more stable world means you're less likely to be invaded.
It's not.
Geographic isolation
You're talking about an unfalsifiable since Canada did fight in WWII.
And yet we live in the most globally stable time in history so.
North Koreans live in abject poverty with zero personal freedoms and are functionally unaware of the rest of the planet.
I'm just trying to understand the common rhetoric.
It's almost always made up of said population and fights to preserve political dominance and property.
Firstly, I live in Canada, and I am well aware how lucky I am to live in a nation that hasn't had a war on it's own soil since the 1800s.
If Canada and the other commonwealth countries hadn't helped out, Canada could be under Nazi control.
Someone has to concern themselves with military side of running a state, and that someone is part of the chain that protects your freedom.
>Because a more stable world means you're less likely to be invaded.
>Do you have an example?
The strength of the military is obviously important to the freedom of the country.
The Canadian military will also never be able to defend our territory in the event of an actual invasion, all we have is soft power and the assumption that we'll be protected by our friendly relations with the world's current imperial hegemon.
If Canada and the other commonwealth countries hadn't helped out, Canada could be under Nazi control.
The original punch doesn't mean that I'm not currently protecting myself.
If they're off fighting a seemingly silly war or directly defending the country in a world war, they are down to risk their life to advance Canadas safety and global interests.
Conjecture based off of a pattern of expansionism.
WWII is a great example.
and ignore all pattern recognition.
This is conjecture though.
So we can either look at Nazi Germany and see that every time it took more territory it was not satisfied and continued to take more territory.
Politics aside, they are brave individuals and I believe we should support them, but I'm not sure they protected my freedom.
You don't think that letting terrorist groups thrive and take over countries would lead to more direct threats to North America?
There is no evidence that Nazi Germany intended to invade North America.
>The wars Canada has been involved in have been in foreign soil and were motivated by other reasons than a direct threat to Canada.
> One of the reasons, you could argue it's the main reason, other countries don't attack your country is they know it wouldn't be feasible to do
Yes, the wars are stupid, and they don't protect our freedoms to do much other than have cheap gas... but the volunteer soldiers insulate us from politicians instituting a draft to fight their stupid wars.
Has the US been perfect?
Don't believe me?
The American Military and Canada by proxy has done quite a bit of destabilization.
The West has enemies.
I do think that.
> The American Military and Canada by proxy has done quite a bit of destabilization.
Or we can say "I don't know what Germany would have done."
At least some of that stuff is rather recent and not stuff "grandfathers" have done long ago.
But that world order is slowly dissolving.
It might make sense to say 'thank a soldier for their service' because they do provide services in international peacekeeping, or in natural disasters like digging out people caught in snowstorms, and that's perfectly fair.
China now has mass concentration camps for Uighurs and is trying to suppress all personal freedoms in Hong Kong.
Most Cold war proxy conflicts were destabilizing and had few long term positive impacts on the regions they were fought in, nor was there any threat of direct invasion (it was mostly loss of hegemony or resource access).
Wouldn't you rather have conflicts fought away from you?
You just have to kill enough of them so that they crawl back into their holes.
Constant warfare and subjugation are the historical norms.
The freedom of the population is often times severely restricted within the military and by the military.
I never said that the hate a terrorist group was feeling couldn't be justified.
^[Delta System Explained](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/deltasystem) ^| ^[Deltaboards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/deltaboards)
All the Westerners who love to bloviate about how the US military is "too large or too expensive" haven't ever experienced what happens when you DON'T have a relatively benevolent world superpower enforcing generally liberal values.
I'm not being smarmy, I am genuinely curious.
I mean that's like two people walking down the street one of them suddenly punches a stranger in the face and when the stranger gets mad and charges towards him and the other guy, the assaulter argues that punching people is totally necessary, "see all these people who come charging at 'us'".
In other words a lot of that terrorism and hatred doesn't come out of nowhere but is the result of support for terrorism, regime changes towards dictatorships, backstabbing of allies, unprovoked invasions, selling of WMDs, using WMDs to change regimes, aso.
Because the US military (and allied countries) killed enough North Koreans and Chinese soldiers to arrive at an armistice.
If my grandfather punched a guy in the face and his relatives now want to murder or kidnap me, I can't do anything to go back and prevent the original incident.
> WWII is a great example.
Germany clearly was never going to be satisfied.
What I don't understand is how fighting overseas has protected my freedom.
All comments that earned deltas (from OP or other users) are listed [here](/r/DeltaLog/comments/eucc1h/deltas_awarded_in_cmv_the_military_doesnt_fight/), in /r/DeltaLog.
The only way we could get all the European countries to stop constantly fighting each other was to station huge numbers of American troops in all those countries and bind them together in a mutual defense treaty called NATO.
Just because Canada has not faced any extremely deadly threat does not mean it would or could happen without the joint effort of NATO and western allies.
Many people on earth don't have that privilege.
To be clear, I am glad we were involved in WWII, just not so sure we were directly threatened.
Mass rape of minority women, people literally being crucified, eradication of religious freedom, etc.
Sure, again I am not opposed to the existence of a military, especially for defensive purposes.
I see no indication that anyone intends to invade Canada.
At no point in your life have you worried about somebody else invading you.
I said that troops were in fact protecting their country in some cases.
Volunteer soldiers protect you from this violation of your rights by serving.
Your line of thinking is extremely common among millennials (I'm not positive what your age is but it's a decent guess given the typical demographics of Reddit.)
Do you have an example?
The North American continent is arguably the most valuable real estate on the planet.
This type of rhetoric has always confused me.
I can try to stop them, though and given the stakes, it's logic that I may use extreme methods.
I'm not trying to argue the morality of the protection.
All the freedoms you have enjoyed in your life in Canada are DIRECTLY due to the military.
I am not anti-military, I am just looking for clarification on the rhetoric from someone who doesn't share my view.
"These brave men and women fight for our freedom."
[removed]
The wars Canada has been involved in have been in foreign soil and were motivated by other reasons than a direct threat to Canada.
They seem to have pretty outspoken and clear goals that involve destroying the Western world.
I'm looking for concrete examples of a power that intended or attempted to invade Canada, and was deterred by the military EDIT through direct conflict.
If global threats were not addressed, the fight would come to North American soil eventually.
>And you don't think that's because you have a military capable of defending your nation from an external threat?
Two reasons: 
Ask yourself this: do you *genuinely* believe that the kind of people that pushed the Iraq War for flimsy reasons and political gains would have been stopped by the military being manned by drafted soldiers?
And you don't think that's because you have a military capable of defending your nation from an external threat?
"As far as I am aware, no one is coming to take my freedom"...yes, because we're killing them over there.
Why do you think that is?
Confirmed: 1 delta awarded to /u/Rkenne16 ([3∆](/r/changemyview/wiki/user/Rkenne16)).
>What I don't understand is how fighting overseas has protected my freedom.
You're not going to sit down and have an enlightened conversation with ISIS members and let them "see the light" and realize that progressive, Western values are preferable to anachronistic religious dogmatism.
Maybe, but it is difficult to prove.
What Trump does, time and time again is offer lip service to a particular special interest route.
How did it benefit America?
You asked for examples of policies Trump put in place that people feel are in the best interest of the country.
And our immigration laws are unjust because people like Trump refuse to make any meaningful concessions to pass immigration reform.
is the guy with all the credibility and everybody else has none.
How is that in his own self interest?
Because you *want* to have your views validated?
His sole goal as president is to make as many people fight his battles for him  as he can get.
Before becoming president he had a net worth of 4 billion.
Do you believe that this was out of self-interest?
Nice try though, bud.
I just gave you examples of him agreeing to other people's opinion.
Blatant personal bias.
Trump has always been hateful & has made slanderous accusations that he can't prove and never apologizes.
I was just saying that he can accept different opinions than his, like how he "gracefully" (or, rather, non-aggressively) accepted that he is okay with same-sex marriage being legal, despite his opinion being different.
>This isn't done in the interest of Americans, it's done in the interest of bigots.
Yeah they do.
When has that ever been demonstrated?
Not a trump supporter at all but I did like that he got rid of the TPP early in his presidency.
From this WaPo article https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/trump-may-want-you-to-think-hes-lgbtq-friendly-dont-be-fooled/2019/08/20/c2b7a7be-c36b-11e9-b72f-b31dfaa77212_story.html 
You'll notice he doesn't talk about them anymore.
We feel the same way.
What else could be done short of leaving troops in Syria?
On the radio.
I'll give that to you.
This is the problem with Trump supporters.
https://old.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/eub11w/cmv_donald_trump_has_never_once_acted_in_the_best/ffnk6by/?context=3 (This one is my personal favorite.
>A president who is not interested in doing anything that might possibly benefit a liberal cause because he has created such a tribal, ugly environment where everything has to be segregated by politics
But apparently no other president had it, because he keeps accusing Obama of having committed crimes while simultaneously arguing that President can't commit crimes because they've got the power under Article II to do anything they want.
So if it is not in someones interest, it can never be considered in the countries interests.
And there's no reason to separate children from their families as a deterrent.
I responded to you because your comment was easy to quickly dismiss.
Have you forgotten the Central Park five?
So what else should have been done?
But so does every politician.
And I have yet to see an argument that shows me where Trump has done anything selfless for the country.
Trump ran promising to slow illegal immigration (not legal immigration) and that he would not pander to political correctness.
Because everybody needs Health Care.
>Roughly half the country want this and the other half wants the opposite.
Best to stick to conserving your energy to fighting the point someone actually made, it makes your arguments look more sophisticated and you're more likely to convince someone else.
Trump couldn't admit he was wrong.
Can you take your same criteria and apply it to anything any other president in history did?
He is simply projecting his own pettiness, partisanship and corruption on Democrats.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Political_party_strength_in_U.S._states
>Temporarily lowering taxes on the middle class as a means to justify permanently lowering them for the rich isn't in my best interest.
That's just for Trump's base.
Trump courted the hatred of liberals.
You are using your political biases to judge whether an item is *in your opinion, in the countries interests*.
- Wealth Redistribution
Instead of responding to the insulting comments and ignoring the ones that attempt to change your view, I suggest you do the opposite.
That's what Obama was trying to address.
They just don't like me.
And the fact that you want to point at other people, especially Obama is whataboutism.
I have not had time to read all of the responses much less all of the links yet.
I am here to defend my view.
Regardless of that point...
It seems like it's only the hostile comments that manage to keep your attention.
None of those things happened.
A LOT of people like this but since you don't, and people will never agree.
You've set up your claim so that it's not falsifiable.
Have a great day, and maybe disconnect from the politics for a while, bud.
But Trump has.
Or just a coincidence?
> That's actually not true.
Surely you've noticed all the comments you haven't replied to.
Then, a few months later in yet another rollback, the State Department banned the display of rainbow flags outside embassies, clearly undercutting Grenell's efforts.
That article is dated February 2019.
- TPP removal
It is worth noting however, that I keep getting responses from ardent Trump supporters who just want to baselessly insult me.
But they don't mind that Trump employs them.
There is insufficient evidence of your claim of his net worth.
With that view, no one has ever acted in the best interest of the country.
No, every president has not acted entirely out of self-interest.
>And a divided America is not beneficial to the country.
- Ending iran Deal
I'm on break at work, but I can pull the statistics on legal and illegal immigration later on if you like.
>This is a stretch.
> Only post if you are willing to have a conversation with those who reply to you, and are available to start doing so within 3 hours of posting.
That's life in a two party system.
Agreed we're not the world's babysitter.
Are you going to rebut the multiple articles I linked, or are you going to continue dodging?
To be fair, I'm not sure Donald Trump is capable of recognizing the difference between something benefiting himself and something benefiting everyone.
Rule E of this subreddit:
More people with jobs helps the country, economy, and people.
Please get therapy and learn how to interact with people who have different views of things.
Trump absolutely acts in his own self interest.
It doesn't change anything about the way Trump has comported himself.
The answer ultimately depends on one's cynicism with respect to Trump.
There is a best for everyone.
In their own Homeland.
I appreciate the link, however Trump has not followed through.
Their view is that illlegal immigrants are illegal yes.
Meaning that Republicans don't want it but Democrats do.
Nevertheless, Americans benefit from the labor of immigrants, both documented and undocumented every single day.
You just can't say he always is aggressive and self-interested with his policy and enforcement of his opinion.
Reasonable people can readily identify that controlling who can enter your country is not racist/bigoted or anything else.
In 2016, the choice was Trump or someone far worse than Trump on that issue.
And yes - there is one hell of a difference between legal and illegal immigration and I am quite sure your numbers muddy that distinction.
There's nothing that I've written that's irrational.
No, I prefer to clear out my notifications and start with the easy ones first.
If you think of those fake clinics that advertise themselves as abortion clinics but actually obstruct women who are seeking abortions, many of them do offer things like help arranging adoption, prenatal vitamins and strollers, cribs, and diapers etc.
>Yes it's verifiable.
Using a condom 1 time out of 10 doesnt protect you for the other 9 times.
We need a better system in place to make sure that all of them have access to health care.
That's what we know.
So they say.
How does one avoid an accident?
I don't see what any of that has to do with abortion honestly.
I've repeatedly asked you for evidence of this and you have yet to give me any.
It's not my feeling.
You are correct that it doesn't work.
They don't think in terms of "reducing the overall number of abortions," they think in terms of making sure Mrs. X doesn't have an abortion.
Do this sign before your text  >
A child would just give the game away and cause a bunch of problems.
It's a persistent myth but some women and men still believe this.
Well yes, humans actually are allowed to kill dogs.
Why wouldn't the withdrawal method be included?
The underlying reasons are just poor choices bottom line.
Again, whether you like it or not- it's still a method of birth control.
Where in the study did it saw women only used a condom 1 out of 10 times?
There is a new and unique individual in the mix now.
But that doesn't mean some women believe it does.
Why should people avoid it just because other people have a religious idea of sex and think it should be "special" ?
Pregnancy and abortion should not be looked at as a women's health issue?
I guess the animal example is a bad comparison but it's pretty sad that we treat our unborn children like animals because it's considered "part of us".
The question for society, I guess, is to determine at what point a human is given these inalienable rights.
They had sex without protection.
The women \*were\* using birth control, great.
They euthanize their own dogs all the time.
If it's in somebody else's uterus, they decide if they value it or not.
Should using a condom 1 time out of 10 or 30 count the same as someone using a condom 10/10 times?
>It can't be just because of the location of the baby, you can kill it, at least imo.
But somehow the debate comes up over and over to remove bodily autonomy for women.
No.
 [https://www.plannedparenthood.org/learn/birth-control/withdrawal-pull-out-method](https://www.plannedparenthood.org/learn/birth-control/withdrawal-pull-out-method) 
In order to be truly pro-life they need to be willing to support that life after it comes into the world.
I hate to break it to you, but you don't decide what is a "valid" method of birth control.
So, people on the right don't tend to think about it like this.
Do you think women go through 9 months of pregnancy and then randomly decide that they want an abortion?
&#x200B;
That is what gets the ball rolling... it's not a woman's health issue at that point.
It's a valid method that women use to avoid pregnancy.
&#x200B;
I'm not sure what you're referring to here.
They were using contraceptives, they just were using them inconsistently.
Make sure that they have the financial, emotional and health system support to enable them to carry a pregnancy to term.
Peeing after sex isn't a method used by women to prevent pregnacy.
I don't know what this means
For me, at my age, if my girlfriend were to get pregnant, that would dramatically change our lives, likely for the worse to begin with just because we are young and don't have a good foundation to raise a child (financial situation, emotional maturity...).
Because it's not an effective birth control.
 [https://www.healthline.com/health/healthy-sex/pull-out-method](https://www.healthline.com/health/healthy-sex/pull-out-method)
That doesn't make any sense
Can you abort a test tube baby?
Yes, this is something women should think about.
Well i dont agree with that at all.
Do you have any "verifiable" evidence to the contrary?
That's cute
>Why wouldn't the withdrawal method be included?
Why not just use condoms or get an iud?
I frequently see a lot the pro-life people saying they vote a certain way for a certain party because that party is supposedly pro-life.
Peeing after sex doesn't impact chances of pregnancy at all.
Do you have some evidence to the contrary?
> I tend to value the potential life and contribution that the fetus will have more than other people.
>No.
It's much safer than going through pregnancy and birth.
How would someone prepare for an accidental pregnancy?
The left tends to have a big-picture view, on trends and likelihoods.
 If really want to prevent abortions from happening the best way would be support women's health.
Personal responsibility for ones actions stops everything before it becomes a women's health issue or women's right issue.
It's often very good for physical and mental health.
That isn't the number that actually used it they could lie.
> I hate to break it to you, but you don't decide what is a "valid" method of birth control.
Also you must then believe that women are weaker then men, because most pro life supporters are women, and it doesnt make sense to think that women are controlling themselves, so the only answer I'm guessing is that they are being basically  forced to believe what they do by the oppressive  men, right?
Your being dishonest here with saying they were using contraceptives.
Do you have a source for that?
For every woman on birth control there is at least one man benefitting from that birth control, and yet women bear a majority of the costs both monetarily and physically.
>  can I kill all wildlife and natural habitats for my benefit
Feel free to share it
Then, I found trouble finding a consistent line for an abortion argument (how late is too late, essentially).
**Note:** Your thread has **not** been removed.
So it makes sense that it's included in the study.
It is about controlling women.
I'm telling you what your study represents.
No.
It's just oh I'm horny, let's fuck.
You give birth and put it up for adoption.
>The withdrawal method isn't as effective as some other methods, but it's still a form of birth control that women use.
Sorry guy, you don't decide what 'is' and 'isn't' birth control based on your own arbitrary whims.
So shocker... they got pregnant.
Your post's topic seems to be fairly common on this subreddit.
We typically call this a C-section.
I can't believe we're in 2020 still dealing with this
No regard for consequences?
So what happens if I'm pregnant with a nine month old fetus and decide I don't want it?
On it's own it's not a reliable form of birth control.
I'm not sure about the cost but I can pretty much guarantee condoms are cheaper than an abortion.
&#x200B;
&#x200B;
It absolutely is.
&#x200B;
It's like you sate in your op, the amount of money they make of the students is much less than they provide them.
Over the years we have heard more and more about how student athletes should be paid for simply playing their sport.
College athletes can't get jobs on their own) if they stop working for whatever reason they are left with nothing or possibly even in debt to the university.
If the argument is that schools lose TV money, donations, funding for other sports teams, etc, under that model, why should players be obligated to donate their service for less than its worth on the market just to subsidize all those other things?
>A degree is a a degree.
Going to college is a privilege.
With these students being so valuable to their respective schools.
It might be kind of possible to argue it that way.
As you said they already have to balance sports and school.
No other form of compensation is credible.
There have been multiple cases where schools have been caught putting student athletes in fake classes to raise their grades so they will be eligible to play, effectively denying them good education.
If I'm a math student or a computer science student or whatever, I'm completely free to make money using my skills.
I mean unless they continue to do sports it's probably an open secret that their degrees aren't really worth the paper they're printed on or are those actually recognized?
Most of these players are on scholarships that pay for everything at the school they could ever want.
Is it?
1.
And college itself can be better thought of as a business, with the students as its customers.
You cannot discredit a college degree simply because he was a student athlete.
Student athletes do not generally have that opportunity.
If a college degree is adequate compensation, than schools who choose not to pay more than a scholarship with free room and board should have no problem finding players.
https://www.mic.com/articles/85789/here-s-what-happens-to-the-98-of-college-athletes-who-don-t-go-pro.
Here are my 3 arguments against it:
It isn't exactly a privilege in this way.
Outside of season they often have to take part-time jobs in order to gain some sort of income for the rest of the year.
Literally everyone in those industries are there to make money for themselves and their organizations...except the people actually responsible for creating the product.
High school is certainly a privilege.
I think there are a few differences between an athletic scholarship and a lot of other kinds of scholarships that may convince you that college athletes should be paid.
For many of those schools, that's on purpose.
The hoops that these teams force their players to jump through the remain "amateurs" are ridiculous.
When it is all said in the done the average student loans debt is $31.172 according to [credit.com](https://credit.com/).
Most of these players will go on to earn degrees and with the higher end players they will have a chance to go pro.
Athletes don't get paid for their likeness.
They are banned from making money because of a quirky historical ideology that has very little to do with the modern industry as it has evolved.
However I doubt you'll pass a moral argument in this same way.
The amount of class time and work needed for many student athletes to spend is often times greater than what a full time job will work you.
Okay enough about whether or not its a privilege, there's a big point I need to bring up that you seem to be deliberately ignoring.
Well...
Athletes often report working anywhere from 60-80 hours per week, especially in season.
And then you'd have to go and get a GED on your own accord.
Many of the top colleges could afford to pay worker's comp, health insurance, and a small salary.
While non athletes have to work much harder at their academics and will end up in debt.
Sure their needs are being met but if they leave they are left with nothing of value to the outside world besides the skills you have learned.
Because you're able to buy more products when you have more money.
They may risk their non-profit status if they make a profit, and so they spend more to avoid profit.
Especially public school.
Also do they have insurances for getting injured?
This number is highly skewed due to the top end programs such as The University of Texas and Alabama where their average players are worth $666,029 and $545,357 respectively.
So yeah, I would agree with you if student atheletes could work and there were more assurances that they were actually getting an education, but as long as neither of those is the case they might as well at least get paid *a little*.
Most D1 schools aren't bringing nearly as much money as these schools and their athletes are also worth much less.
Yeah sure a degree is a degree \*wink\*.
You're implying that choosing to go into a situation removes the responsibility of people to make sure you're treated well in that situation, which isn't true.
This wouldnt be as big a problem if they could get a job, but many if not the vast majority cannot because they simply don't have the time.
Similarly while a college education and room and board are great perks they are not appropriate pay for work done especially exclusive work (i.e.
I feel like this is the key sentence for your view, and I'm worried you could use it against most people who are being exploited in any way.
High-end living, top end workout rooms, trainers, tutors, meals, and their entire tuitions paid for.
 Compensation for work in the US needs to be given in some form of liquid payment.
And let schools pay them if the school chooses.
With merit or charity scholarships, there are frequently no requirements on what you do with your time except that you must attend class and maintain certain grades.
On top of that, they also get access to top end tutors and professors sometimes even grade these students easier just for being a student athlete.
If I can afford to buy a pool in my backyard, is that a privilege?
And it's a privilege, not a right, because you can be removed from school at any time.
This is one of the reasons that in the public eye these students are being taken advantage of.
Plus, this form of compensation can't pay for all their living expenses, nor can it take care of their health if they become seriously injured.
No one is forcing them to play these sports, they can stop and lose their scholarships and take out loans like the rest of the student populations.
But with the amount of money being made from these students in the media, is it really justifiable to disallow them some kind of payment for this service?
So what?
They're being compensated for their educations, sure.
With all that they are getting, we are talking about them being used and treated unfairly.
Universities make millions and millions of dollars a year off some of these players and using their likeness.
You cannot discredit a college degree simply because he was a student athlete.
There is no doubt that these students have more on their plate than the average student, they have practice, workouts, traveling, and then all that comes with just being a student.
These are all great things provided from these schools for free.
I can get jobs over the summer.
There are also some athletic scholarships that specifically prohibit students from being employed in a non-campus job while attending school, but this is rare in my understanding.
Even if this is true, didn't you yourself point out in your OP that most student athletes aren't at that high level?
Also consider the top schools in the nation and how much money these athletes bring in for the schools.
But let's stop pretending the game is "amateur" anymore and find a new model.
A degree is a a degree.
"Compensating" them with scholarships is like a store paying their employees with store credit.
So if your leg gets shattered during a football game or you get brain damage on the field, you get nothing except potentially kicked out of school because you can no longer play the sport your scholarship is contingent on.
I can start my own side businesses.
These students are getting the opportunity of a lifetime and that some would kill for.
they get passed along easier to remain eligible to play.
But college athletes don't get to do any of that with their skills because they have to be "amateurs."   All so their coaches can make millions per year, their schools can take in billions in TV deals and alumni giving, the TV companies can show the games, and the big leagues can maintain a pool of new players at little cost.
The average student has to take out loans to just be able to go to college.
That again sounds more like they're hired for their reputation and fame within the domain of sports and not actually for their academic achievements.
Let the students sell their image for endorsements.
But I think a better argument would be that having a lot of money is a privilege.
I played two high-school sports i understand that in college that it would be a more larger task.
People should be compensated for the work they do, with money.
Most high end players actually do have some insurance for injuries.
Do employers actually value their degrees as such or do they read "yeah so you played 8 hours football a day and got a degree from no-name university (in terms of the actual profession), do you have any valuable skills to show for"?
Division one, or D1 athletes most of the time receive a full scholarship and will most likely get through their entire schooling without having to owe a dime.
Heck, someone like Mark Zuckerburg can start on the path toward becoming one of the worlds richest people.
3.
These schools are providing these athletes with a great opportunity of being able to go to college for free.
>Agreed this is what i am trying to get across, most media outlets dont see this side of it
So yeah if someone is providing a for profit service they should be paid for that and unless their degree is actually worth something in terms of getting skills and being accepted, both of which I find dubious, that's not really a pay.
I mean one bad tackle and you might lose your scholarship and your chance to obtain a degree or is there a backup plan.
Special treatment comes with special responsibilities.
No one is corrupt simply by happening to have that money, but they may of course have gotten it through corruption of some kind.
> Politicians, at least in the USA, are always temporary and it's their job to serve the people.
Like in healthcare, oil companies, etc?
!Delta  This is a very good point I didn't consider when writing it.
If you do it right - you find yourself now being that 'billionaire' class individual.
I'm not trying to convince you that billionaires can be trusted, rather that you have to judge people as individuals and not as categories.
It can serve their interest to have the public be miserable.
I think that, given your assumptions, politicians are at best equally trustworthy to billionaires.
I completely agree with many of your points.
It is not a healthy way to live your life.
The length of your comment suggests that you haven't properly explained how /u/Havenkeld changed your view (comment rule 4).
Even if they don't change parties they will start demanding that their politicians do something.
They have to keep us happy, or at least most of us.
State level is better.
> Especially if what they're selling is something we cannot live without regardless of how bad their service or product is.
In comparison, business owners have no incentive to keep us happy.
I'm not going to waste time with anecdotes of individuals and I'm not sure how to get statistics on it, but I don't think it's obviously true.
So this is an interesting question; are politicians more trustworthy than billionaires.
This is of course a common strategy of what's referred to as a demagogue - a sophistical person who abuses the desires and fears of the public to achieve their personal goals.
Yes, they can be voted out, but the same kind of campaign that can vote out a politician can ruin a billionaire.
I mean, most people have a sense of morality and ethics.
Which would be a great step forward compared to how Republicans currently don't have any policies of their own and only focus of stopping the Democrats from doing anything.
!delta
I think that if they were simply aware of how much more terrible it is to give that responsibility to billionaires.
I completely agree with many of your points.
Lastly, while I admit billionaires have a lot of power (too much), I think they have less than politicians otherwise we wouldn't see billionaires trying to become president.
It should be indubitable that giving responsibilities to politicians is a much better alternative than giving them to business owners.
And they are known for only caring about maximizing their profits.
So I don't see why you would trust politicians more than billionaires as a category.
A person who wants to maintain a political position doesn't have to keep people happy at all, they can keep them upset with all sorts of things and puff themselves up as the solution.
Sidebar has instructions if you scroll down a bit, the common way is just !+delta (remove the +)
We would simply replace him with someone better.
They usually owe some kind of special interest groups and/or others in their political party who do.
There are TONS of things you can do - you just have to do them.
Of those sociopaths, those that are billionaires are more likely to be the ones that value money, and those that are politicians are those that value power, but it would seem they are equally untrustworthy.
>  It's just as bad
BUT, there is no direct relationship to how happy you are and whether Steven King/Jeff Bezos/Bill Gates or any given business does anything.
Insofar as they do something else while serving in that capacity they are corrupt.
More of them will begin to push for the government to get something done.
The majority of Americans say that they want more easily affordable health care, housing, common sense gun control, etc.
We have minority rule by an alliance of billionaires and rural voters.
I mean, if they are both corrupt, then the politician can sell their power to the highest bidder anyway.
Broadcast TV was king until cable, then satellite and now streaming.
> So knowing that both politicians and billionaires are corrupt...
We can get rid of him.
If we find out that our guy in office is super corrupt, we can get rid of him if the majority of us agree to it.
Please edit your comment with the required explanation.
They have to keep us happy, or at least most of us.
We're screwed, there's nothing you can do to get rid of them.
Those billionaires have a lot of competition and need to be the best.
There's a lot of politicians who are virtually unopposed so they can be much shittier and keep getting elected.
Its actually quite interesting that Congress has horrible ratings while individual congressmen have good ratings by their constituents.
Politicians don't have this limitation.
Billionaires are beholden to their shareholders and customers.
Progressive taxation & monopoly laws *should* prevent that kind of power in singular private entities, but the aforementioned political representation is preventing their enforcement.
How is a billionaire such as Steven King or JK Rowling 'corrupt'?
Most national politicians are in 'safe', polarized districts.
It's just as bad, made worse if you know that the fox is trained while the wolf just wants to fill it's stomach.
Neither politicians nor billionaires are necessarily corrupt in virtue of being a politician or a billionaire.
^[Delta System Explained](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/deltasystem) ^| ^[Deltaboards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/deltaboards)
^[Delta System Explained](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/deltasystem) ^| ^[Deltaboards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/deltaboards)
Of you give a billionaire something to do and they do a bad at it.
You personally sound like a very bitter person who feels you are entitled to more than you are and are begrudging successful people because you perceive they did not deserve it.
So knowing that both politicians and billionaires are corrupt, but we actually have some minor control over one of them.
Except offer a product/service that is superior and force the market to change.
Yet a lot of people who are worried about corruption are simply handing the sheep from the fox to the wolf.
If we see them doing something we don't like, like lobbying with a company that is actively working against one of our reasons for electing him.
We can bring in someone better to take over the project.
But that depends on someone better being introduced.
Like with hospitals and pharmaceuticals.
Your social media posts probably have more impact on billionaires than your vote has in national elections.
But the rebuttal that we hear often from Republicans who won't vote for candidates that want to try and solve these issues is that they don't trust the government to get it done.
I promise to reply and give Deltas as soon as I wake up.
When a politician is corrupt all that fundamentally means is they are a politician only in name and precisely are not doing their job.
If we find out that our guy in office is super corrupt, we can get rid of him if the majority of us agree to it.
Most of the time, acting ethically and keeping customers happy is required to make money.
But the rebuttal that we hear often from Republicans who won't vote for candidates that want to try and solve these issues is that they don't trust the government to get it done.
But what I'm saying is that you are both overestimating your ability to do that and underestimating your ability to control billionaires.
Trump is demonstrably corrupt; the majority of the population and their representatives agree.
McConnell is horrifically corrupt and wielding national power, but accountable only to a few people from Kentucky at painfully long cycles.
You have made a massive assumption that frankly is not supported.
The president is selected, effectively, by two to swing sates and control of the senate is achieved by getting all of the rural states whom have homogenous interests and *vast* overrepresentation.
Undermining genuine politics AKA the public good is of course in the interests of all sorts of groups who would prefer to have more power and/or wealth for their particular goals instead of communal ones, and this makes accomplishing good political structures with ethical people in political roles very very difficult.
As long as politicians do not accurately represent and are not accountable to the majority, they are rather easily corrupt-able.
Politicians, at least in the USA, are always temporary and it's their job to serve the people.
I think that if they were simply aware of how much more terrible it is to give that responsibility to billionaires.
Money has as much power to control politicians and keep them in office, moreso than your individual vote.
Government limits competition so businesses can charge what they want.
A person serving as a politician is someone in the role of organizing a society towards the common good.
Bezos transformed retail.
Even if they don't change parties they will start demanding that their politicians do something.
Which would be a great step forward compared to how Republicans currently don't have any policies of their own and only focus of stopping the Democrats from doing anything.
Please note that a change of view doesn't necessarily mean a reversal, or that the conversation has ended.
That stems from the above political failure though.
If you give a politician something to do and they do a bad job at it.
On the other hand, I also think there are plenty of good politicians and good billionaires.
A lot of people today are under the impression that because politicians are corrupt they cannot be trusted with anything.
The problem with politicians in the USA is that they don't truly *represent* the people at the national level.
So I don't think one can say that corrupt politicians are more trustworthy than corrupt billionaires.
You are assuming that both are corrupt.
There are limitations.
Ex.
>Instead of banning connectors, tax them.
Even Intels new socket every new gen is boring but people who want it can go for it.
Kinda, but that's what Apple seeks to be it's not that anybody forces them to.
That seems like a worse outcome than what we currently have.
Let's say a person has an iPhone and they buy an Android phone.
A keyboard from any manufacture works with any compatible port.
Thats the thing, if you wanted to standardize sockets, you might as well standardize everything including market segmentations, have no variety, push nothing forward.
), so that the companies have to adhere to the form factor and can implement the hardware and software in accordance with that standard.
Yet agreeing on a common charging cable, which is practically just an accessory that few companies count on as their flagship anyway doesn't really sound like the standard that is about to break innovation, is it?
Obviously that is only of minor interest to the processor producers and neither AMD nor Intel probably want to accept the standard that the other is using for years and that they need time and money to adapt to.
And it ensures greater cross-compatibility of devices and cabling, which reduces waste and improves overall general connectivity.
(if not bluetooth).
We have been through many USB 1.0, 1.1, 2, 3.
I completely agree, standardization can be a great thing but it doesnt address my main concern which is stagnation, and thats exactly what will happen with this, like in the VGA example.
But that is the worst case scenario.
I think you misunderstand what standardization means.
Its pointless.
With the advent of wireless chargers, this likely will be a moot point.
So you want an "Apple tax"?
Now had this law been passed 15 years ago when every cell phone had its own proprietary plug, that might have had some value, but that isn't the case any more because if any company changed its plug every time it updated its phone, or if some small company tried to create a new proprietary plug that didn't have some great benefit, then people simply wouldn't buy it.
So they achieve nothing, and with the lack of certainty that a new connector would be adopted, people would slow innovation until some massive breakthrough happens, because who can be arsed to design and manufacture millions of new connectors.
It's also not as if other connectors are banned (they maybe should do that), it's just that the EU constantly pressures those companies to come to an agreement over a universal standard and that those who do not conform have to pay an apparently (too) low fine: Apple.
Its ironic, really.
Does everything banning is supposed to, but better.
Its not about charging though.
The standard can and will be updated when technological change demands it, if there is some kind of charger improvement made that is significant, people will not sit around and think "Yeah, we are severely outclassed, but lets keep this standard forever and never do anything with it", which would go against any other kind of standard that is set.
We already have this in SO many areas.
Also the EU, is already having a common standard of micro-USB the switch to USB-C is probably already a step towards Apple that despite showing support for that one charger approach still went on to develop their lighting stuff, like how the U.S. is a founding member of the metric system but still uses imperial, so to say.
> If EU, or whoever forced the VGA to be standard, we now would not have high refresh rate monitors on massive resolutions and other wonderful tech that came in that branch
I  mean desktop computers and servers are completely different use cases and we're somewhat past the time where you'd use a desktop computer as server or vice versa.
Even if that were the case, can you in good faith make the argument that things would be better if every company was allowed to make their own chargers, like 15 years ago?
Yeah but what will decide if something is good enough?
USB type c will reach its limits at one point too.
Isn't that already implemented?
Still doesn't mean it's not a good idea to have such a standard.
There's not going to be some radical new invention in power/data cabling for phones any time soon, and the standards can just be updated in the future if it becomes required to support some radical new feature set.
Apple is big enough that the people who use their stuff don't care that it's not compatible with other companies.
It would have prevented companies from using USB-C.  
>If you go into USBs, you get the issue of this whole thing being done to reduce numbers of chargers while wireless chargers are coming and are getting better quickly
Sure it resolves the problem of waste and performance but what about.
Secondly, you can borrow anyones charger and don't have to deal with different chargers.
I mean it's not a hypothetical it's already partially the case for micro-USB (with some exceptions) and even if we switch to wireless charging what would be the issue with an open standard that all manufacturers implement?
>If EU, or whoever forced the VGA to be standard, we now would not have high refresh rate monitors on massive resolutions and other wonderful tech that came in that branch.
So Apple patents their connector, license that patent to a few manufacturers (who pay a substantial license fee for the right to make devices that are compatible with that connection), and also make their own proprietary-connector-ed devices.
Does everything banning is supposed to, but better.
Thats when people would use faster inputs, when type c isnt enough and we need something faster but equally universal.
All of those things are done in a specific way to optimize that stuff, which is advanced engineering stuff.
If it's about state of the art technology, custom made stuff or whatnot you could still go crazy with that and make exceptions if truly needed.
You don't even have to buy a new charger when you buy a new phone...
That's anti-competitive and anti-consumer choice.
Imagine if this legislation had gone into effect back when microUSB was the standard.
EU regulators argue that phone connector standardization is needed because the waste produced as a result of purchasing a new phone and having to throw away earlier chargers or cables because they no longer work for anything is a problem.
I have to pay money in order to have recyclables recycled.
Yeah but everyone shifted because they wanted to as it was a more widely accepted connector that allowed more things.
If there weren't we woulsnt have so many connectors for one single platform.
Firstly, less chargers will be useless because they only work with one kind of phone.
https://www.macrumors.com/2020/01/13/eu-standardized-smartphone-charging/
They can implement a grace period where both ports are allowed and after a while enforce the new port.
Furthermore this only affects apple directly who have their own ecosystem, so yeah.
>And if you include the fact that making a regulation that forces people to use one connector for phones, youd have to either have a different design for other things which once again invalidates the point of this, or have them limited by the same connector.
So no having everything standardized and having nothing standardized can both stifle innovation tremendously.
Standardization is good for consumers.
Trying to pass a legislation "for the consumers" when the consumers don't really seem to mind is kinda stupid.
Who is to say that they would do the same for the rest of the world?
Now, HDMI is.
It reduces the need for adapters and other "solutions" that can lead to loss of signal, and represent a physical weak point in a connection.
Unless it was planned obsolescence for those connectors, i dont see how type c would last any longer, and they were replaced for a reason, not because every company has an interest to pollute the world or whatever.
And if you include the fact that making a regulation that forces people to use one connector for phones, youd have to either have a different design for other things which once again invalidates the point of this, or have them limited by the same connector.
>Furthermore this only affects apple directly who have their own ecosystem.
When the phone manufacturers come up with some new form factor that's obviously better they will just update it
From the perspective of the customer it's actually great, because otherwise you would have to receive your stuff from one distributor because nothing would be compatible with no one... Also that's not really about tech either but about connectors.
boom!
Either bc the adopted standard is better or bc trying to have a proprietary device can mean you lose customers to your competitors if they're are all using the same thing.
USB is cheap but quickly gets outdated, as shown with 3+ iterations of usb over the last 5 years
I mean apart from Apple who wants to grab all the power over everything, the providers of the motherboards and the sockets are often not the ones with the processors.
The biggest bottle neck in that regard is probably not the connection via cable but the internet connection.
Theyll ship DDR5 products everywhere but if EU standardized DDR4, we would be fucked and stuck with old tech.
For example if you have standards you have instant compatibility with all your stuff throughout different companies, branches and whatnot which gives newcomers and easy access and opens so many doors for people to create stuff because they do not have to reinvent the wheel every time but can just build upon each other like LEGO.
There are good reasons to standardize phone charging ports, there are few reasons to standardize RAM, which is why they're not doing that.
If a company develops 5 different chargers in the same time that the standard would have changed once, the hassle would be bigger, not smaller, for the company.
Also isn't that already the case?
Using a hypothetical, obviously bad regulation to argue against all regulation is a spurious argument.
I mean, lets now standardize CPU sockets and limit everyone in that way, and make everyone operate with the same issues instead of letting people evolve their tech.
With the wireless charging coming through, theyre just limiting data bandwidth.
There's lots of ways for governing agencies to standardize connectors and not get in the way of advancement.
There are also specific things such as ethernet cables.
Once we reach that limit, or find a fault with it (eg.
Just like some people need lightning for apple, or whatever the next innovation wouldve been with USB.
To be fair I'm not an expert on that, but from my point of view we're talking about fucking connectors...
There wont be anything ready and what could happen is a 3rd part introduces a new connector thats better but costs 10x as much or something insane like that.
From what i remember, thunderbolt3 is the current one and 4 is coming soon and its primarily an intel tech who seeks to rip people off, so its still not a solution.
https://youtu.be/udCWSsthsp0
This is exactly the sort of environment where official technical standards are a good thing, not a bad thing.
>If you put a tax on something proprietary, you discourage it unless the customer wants it.
For example, they can let the standard be set by an actual technical standards body.
Before, VGA was enough.
Each CPU manufacturer produced a CPU family with a common socket for said CPU family.
Thirdly, it is way better for the consumer and the environment.
As you said, my argument is too bold and too of a broad stroke.
Sorry, u/moush – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 5: 
^[Delta System Explained](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/deltasystem) ^| ^[Deltaboards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/deltaboards)
He also stated how gods moved from nature to idols, to a human.
She has also visited monstaries where she paid priests for a service that is pretty much fortune-telling and "spell breaking".
If religion never existed in any form, our history of  war would be similar.
The NT tells several times that God hates violence.
Religion is an awkward tool for that purpose, however.
Most if not all religions have humble starts where the ideas are developed and spread gradually, and eventually gain power within a state (if its big enough).
Maybe if you extend that to like 100 years, it will be more likely.
Peer pressure from dead people
I never mentioned that in my post.
He spread tolerance to a world of intolerance and aggression towards others.
While some generals like Himmler were neo-pagans, the nazis [used Luther's teachings to promote antisemitism](https://religionnews.com/2017/10/19/berlin-exhibition-highlights-how-the-nazis-exploited-martin-luthers-legacy/) and Hitler himself had his own sect of christianity known as [Positive Christianity](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Positive_Christianity).
There was an article highlighted in Apple News the other day which did an expose on Amish culture.
Religion is just a common rallying point of like minded groups to fight for resources.
And there are plenty of people who start believing in religion after mot being taught it growing up.
That's why I wouldn't say I am an atheist.
The way you're taught to act in society from a child, the way you view death and interact with death and even what is the way people 'should' use the bathroom (Romans used to have communal bathrooms where you had a chat while relieving yourself).
Nah, dumb ideas always come back.
I even think that new religions would be born, possibly better, but I'm not entirely sure about that.
Prohibition doesn't work.
He came to set records straight and show the world what god really wanted; for humanity to love each other and be kind once more.
...and I'm certain this is the case for the vast majority of old religions.
For example, as a young adult, I became religiously observant and moved to the right.
Christianity fills those gaps, at least in America.
If people truly simply wanted to believe something and would make it up if there was no religion, then we'd see much more "natural" religions where people end up worshipping the sky or the sun or the air we breath.
Meh.
I personally am an atheist, indoctrinated in the church of science.
The whole of Positive Christianity amounted to less than a thousand ministers and their relatively small congregations.
Ik, good convo though
And possibly many more consequences than I yet cannot see for myself, not all better for sure, but better overall.
They have a way out, its just very hard to leave all that you have ever known
[come they] not hence, [even] of your lusts that war in your members?
Are they atheists?
That's always how it was.
Comments that are only links, jokes or "written upvotes" will be removed.
I already changed my view (view in my replies to comments).
If that were really the case we wouldn't have any atheists/agnostics/seculars.
Any one of them will disappear in some capacity if people stopn reiterating.
Sorry, u/carlosmocs – your comment has been removed for breaking Rule 1:
There was a good discussion about it yesterday.
So it was more about how current religions and the philosophy behind them to die out if they couldn't be passed along.
I don't know about other religions, but Christianity does not exactly condone war, violence, or intolerance.
The fact that children tend to believe what their parents believe pretty clearly shows there's a link between the two.
You didn't target one particular religion.
>1/3 is pretty large
Not only does that remove them from receiving a proper education, it is also child labor.
Abolish all formalized religious teaching, you'll still have cosmology.
Christianity does not promote violence or war.
It doesn't make it a sure thing.
I think your just lumping religion with the 0.001% that do the weird crazy shit.
Yet people still go to libraries.
"Science" may have been a new approach to the mass killings in Germany and the USSR, but the social background of the leaders, indeed most people is steeped in religion.
^[Delta System Explained](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/deltasystem) ^| ^[Deltaboards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/deltaboards)
I understand everything you're saying.
You see, people try to control other, to tell them how they need to live, this creates rebellion.
Over the years, people have stuck to the teachings that confirm their existing hatred - almost everyone with hateful views has a reason beyond religion for having them.
Even today, there's vast worldwide disagreement on such a basic concept as which is fit for a given country.
For example, while I do respect the teachings of Freud, I do not believe in almost any of them.
So of course people will spontaneously become religious on their own decision, they do it all the time even as adults.
I know that I'm going to be constantly questioning things my whole life, but that's ok too.
Well thanks for the delta.
I was referring to genetic heritability.
Usually as a Wednesday night, youth center type thing.
OK so i'll have a go at this.
I mean the broad definition.
As for the "cowardice" you say attends a belief in God...
Just as natural as indoctrination is the human desire to eliminate the other.
We did go there with my schoolmates (elementary school) for about a year, waited for the whole procession to end so we can get a punch on our cards and run away.
Christianity nowadays is spread and diverse, with each group following their own dogmas, so it's hard to put them all in a box.
I mean, we still don't have all the answers and being that religion was essentially created to explain the unknown I assume there would still be a possibility of us trying to answer that unknown with religion.
I wouldn't compare religion with sociology.
I didn't  bother to do research on this topic.
Now what would be interesting is if we were able to erase all trace of religious beliefs, would people still find a need to create a "god" / religion with all of our current knowledge?
Rabi of ultra orthodox jews in Israel said it himself - if our boys go to an army, they will become more and more secular and then run away from our community.
[James 4:1-2](https://www.kingjamesbibleonline.org/James-4-1_4-2/) - From whence [come] wars and fightings among you?
Also if 2/3 go on to be not religious, the 1/3 which are religious is going to decay the population over even 2 generations.
Second - I didn't ignore what you said.
The Nazis were Christians.
If you would like to appeal, review our appeals process [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards#wiki_appeal_process), then [message the moderators by clicking this link](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&subject=Rule+5+Appeal+mac3wan&message=mac3wan+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/eu52vh/-/ffmn8yc/\)+because...) within one week of this notice being posted.
France banned religion during the revolution and  people simply created a new replacment believe
[Ephesians 6:11](https://www.kingjamesbibleonline.org/Ephesians-6-11/) - Put on the whole armour of God, that ye may be able to stand against the wiles of the devil.
I believe religions were developed by political parties for economical or political gains.
"Taking a break" from it would be like saying we are taking a break from history.
It happens, but it isn't the end-all be-all, as I now find myself to be agnostic with strong humanistic  principles.
I was indoctrinated as a child and I certainly didn't keep the faith.
Adults convert and de-convert into, out of, and between religions all the time.
See the classic island black cat population problem.
His interpretation of the most healthy notion of God is that of not a person, or a thing but something that our mind and thought cannot reach - only experience it.
That is the same way governments work, societies function, and schools work.
Taking Christianity, your case immediately falls apart if we're right about a Creator God who deserves our worship but against whom we've rebelled, and who has in his mercy provided a way to escape our deserved punishment, if we trust in Jesus alone to save us.
I just want to start a discussion.
But I think people can honestly believe in religions for fun, without forcing others.
Even as someone who is a staunch atheist, grew up in an atheist/agnostic household and would love nothing more than the removal of religion, my cultural background is still heavily influenced by Christianity.
Please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban, as explained in our [moderation standards](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards).
If a corporation cut the quality of their product for profit, they sin.
Sounds like Soviet propaganda but okay.
And the idea of an ever powerful, original God is just a super simple answer, no matter how illogical it may be.
A belief system requires you to, well, *believe* in something that there's no evidence of.
