CMV: There is a stronger case for a maximum age for US Presidential eligibility than a minimum age ID: eygx1b
CMV: Guns do not protect against tyranny ID: eybq7d
CMV: Children enrolled in K-12 schools should have free lunch regardless of ability to pay or qualify for free lunch program. ID: exxla0
CMV: Cursive is no longer needed in modern society and should no longer be taught in schools. ID: eyhqpq
CMV: I believe that the only morally consistent argument on abortion is that personhood begins at conception. ID: eygzed
CMV - ELA Classes should NOT have Multiple Choice Tests (over literature) (American Education System) ID: eyigts
CMV: teachers should not be held accountable for student test scores ID: eybcp6
CMV:The claim that Trump should be excused by his accomplishments is laughable. ID: eycnqp
CMV: Bernie Sanders is not a communist ID: ey6yun
CMV: Parents shouldn't be allowed to dictate what children learn or don't learn at school ID: ey4t3f
CMV: Restaurants that post their menus online without pricing are just hurting their own business ID: ey0551
CMV: Successful equal collaboration in STEM brainstorming is rare, in most cases (business and academia) someone is giving and taking more than others. ID: eyflvx
CMV: The U.S military is a fucking Oil Company. ID: eyiavu
CMV: I am Islamophobic. ID: exexo0
CMV: It's completely inexcusable for reddit moderators to ban avocation of violence. ID: eyimoq
CMV: Lettuce is a waste of an ingredient in a sandwich, to include burgers. ID: eyeok3
CMV: Political news stations divide the people. ID: exxxti
CMV: Paternity leave should be granted to men in the US ID: exwipi
CMV: We have nothing to fear about death. ID: exya4o
CMV: Religions are unfairly blamed for social ills ID: extaxz
CMV: Nationalism isnt bad ID: eyfpzg
CMV: Transpeople should disclose that they're trans to their partners before acts of intimacy, e.g. sex, kissing, cuddling, etc. ID: ex76zy
CMV: Clothing brands should not run "positive" marketing campaigns for obese people ID: exo5x2
CMV: Schools shouldn't remove the Valedictorian award/title ID: ext3tk
CMV. Most rich men should not get married. ID: eyd69r
CMV. Weed is terrible for your soul ID: eydm8i
CMV: Im a trump supporter, change my view ID: eye6em
CMV: Plant based should become the prevailing diet in the world after a gradual phasing out of animal products. ID: eycvy3
CMV: The US is broken beyond repair, the only solution is to divide into 2-5 different countries. ID: eyftct
CMV: If you were to do a D&D cosmology analysis on the Sumerian Pantheon, Yahweh would be the lawful evil god whose portfolio contains racism, slavery, and holy war. ID: exs706
CMV: A business' only responsibility is to make profits for itself, not create jobs or take care of you ID: exsuhg
CMV: leaving out food overnight isn't harmful ID: exvl7x
CMV: Senator Sheev Palpatine is the most interesting character in the Star Wars prequels ID: exrd1a
CMV: Trump is right when he claims that he has an advantage because he has the support of the "though people" ID: eyb6o5
CMV:China did it to themselves with the Coronavirus ID: eyb54s
CMV: People shouldn’t be allowed to interact with strangers on the internet ID: eyc5hb
CMV: Pedophiles should be rehabilitated and threatening men/women that have sexual tendencies towards children is counterproductive. ID: exr4xt
CMV: The right to independence cuts both ways ID: exttzq
CMV:Rosencrantz and Guildernstern in 'Hamlet' were just following orders. ID: exr59q
CMV: Racism is subconscious ID: ey0ffq
CMV: The Superbowl should be made a US national Holiday ID: ey8dl1
CMV: Israel is not the primary cause of the humanitarian crisis in Gaza, nor can they do much to stop it. ID: extxc1
CMV: asking for each other’s height is same as asking for age ID: ey581y
CMV: Tattoos are still not accepted in Corporate America ID: exxudd
CMV: I'm morally in the right to download a file/video/picture, if I pay for it. (Physical copy streaming service) ID: exl3bu
CMV: aa> a+ (this is about boob size) ID: ey2l0j
CMV: China created and distributed the Wuhan coronavirus to dissipate the Hong Kong protests momentum. ID: ey65fr
CMV: I think we should legalize all drugs in the United States. ID: exrv11
CMV: Pornography doesn't objectify women. ID: ey01l7
CMV: Chernobyl is an Exaggerated Disaster ID: ey1h1m
CMV: Socialism works ID: exwgvt
CMV: If--as an American--you want to influence US policy and the direction of this country, you should vote in the primary of the Senate race's winning party, even if that means registering with a party you otherwise wouldn't ID: ex7xe5
CMV:Saying "You're pretty for a trans girl" seems like an unnecessarily condescending compliment. ID: exfaib
CMV: People letting dogs lick babies is absolutely disgusting ID: exb8ba
CMV: Elective circumcision should be a crime ID: ex6yh6
CMV: There is no, non-racist way to explain minorities struggles in America, without acknowledging systematic oppression. ID: exthvz
CMV: Partisanship makes it almost impossible to remove a Republican president for abusing his office ID: exb0ou
CMV: Children should be required to do chores. ID: ex98z1
CMV: If we take it to be true that we have about a decade to save the Earth from climate catastrophe, and if there are nations not on board with this initiative, they pose an existential threat to all other nations and citizens, and governments have a moral obligation to declare war on those nations ID: exu2g8
CMV: POTUS's statement on Climate Change is Entirely fart. ID: exsrzt
CMV: Marriage/Divorce is a terrible deal for men in western nations, especially the United States. ID: exdacu
CMV: Black Culture hurts Black People ID: extyru
CMV: North Korea is not a horrible country ID: exwdkk
CMV: High street retailers should share at least 10% of their sales profits with their employees ID: ewqjv1
CMV: theres nothing morally wrong with ROMs of old games that wont come out again. ID: ex4zjd
CMV: You should avoid letting a candidate's age decide or even impact your vote ID: exk2rg
CMV: Intoxicated sex is not rape ID: exldk7
CMV: The POTUS is a master manipulator ID: exp8fk
CMV: It’s become socially unacceptable to approach or engage with anyone in public for any reason. ID: ex7sux
CMV: The "but the chromosomes" argument in regards to transgender people doesn't make any sense at all ID: exnhhj
CMV: a ‘Gay Culture’ exists, but not a ‘Gay Community’ and saying so is dangerous. ID: exok4v
CMV I am A Trump Supporter ID: ex6x2n
CMV: January is the best month to have a birthday. ID: exaaib
CMV: From the lens of Christian theology, the view of predestination is correct ID: excuhd
CMV:The General Christian Conception of God is Faulty and Contradictory With Reality ID: exb5dd
CMV: 'Straight Outa Comptom' (2015) is a musical. ID: ewzmqv
CMV: There should be a karma requirement for sending DMs to other users ID: ewuqg3
CMV: The United States Should Adopt the Year Round School System ID: exbp1i
CMV: Managers should be chosen from the employees that already know what the job is about and took initiative in particular cases, not just on "management skills" ID: ew5quz
CMV: Juul and similar vaporizers are *probably* not harmful to your health. ID: ex9fvk
CMV: tailgating or brake checking should be considered assult with a deadly weapon ID: ewu1x8
CMV: Liability Insurance Should not Exist ID: ewvwy9
CMV: Vaccines Are Good. ID: ex6l55
CMV: it isn’t transphobic to believe being trans is wrong, and to not accept people to be their chosen gender/pronoun ID: exc0nv
CMV: Being a raging extrovert is the only trait that matters at all ID: exa9i9
CMV: People that ask for a second referendum/vote/etc. when they realized they made a mistake shouldn't get a second try at doing "the right thing" ID: ewuhq9
CMV: The left liberals are the very fascists that they claim to fight against. ID: exca7t
CMV: By voting you support a flawed system of representation and a two party system that can't work together ID: ex8lma
CMV: School is superior than self-study for most people in general education purpose. ID: ewurqv
CMV: Mrs. Robinson is the ultimate road trip song ID: ex42g5
CMV: Voting for someone in the primary just because you think that they are "electable" is a poor way of choosing a candidate. ID: ew6xyi
CMV: You do not have "anxiety" (in the mental health sense) if you get nervous talking to people you don't know or if you experience stress. That's just called "being normal," and it shouldn't be used as an excuse. ID: ew70i6
CMV: I'm a conservative and open to new ideas. ID: ewgbvj
CMV: Extinction Rebellion's second demand is impossible on a global scale because it would require levels of international cooperation comparable to world peace ID: ewilre
CMV: The "Pinkpill feminism" sub should be shut down. ID: ew73t1
CMV: The United States would benefit from an experimental program to relocate people on government assistance to farming stations. ID: ewxh3p
CMV: I don't get why coronavirus from Wuhan is such a big deal ID: ew2w1r
CMV: England should give Ireland back ID: ewfoao
CMV: "Believe Women" is a bad name for an otherwise great movement that hinders the movement's progress ID: ewbbwy
CMV: No Pulp Orange Juice is Better Than Orange Juice With Pulp ID: ew7pnz
CMV Craig's List needs to ban the sale of Animals on their site if they are not going to enforce their own rules. ID: ewbfcq
CMV: Tariffs and trade wars will not bring jobs back to America. It will only raise prices for consumers ID: ew71e5
CMV Fans are the most important part to the entertainment industry ID: ew9ywm
CMV: The only paths to a society without delinquents are either a) let children be raised by professionals instead of parents; or b) make developmental psychology & parenting (subjects from psychology and teaching college programs) mandatory for everyone. ID: ew63sv
CMV: The term “white privilege” is presumptuous and a baseless generalization ID: ew6dt8
CMV: Senators Should Be "Cross Examining" Instead of Lobbing Softballs to Their Own Presumed Side ID: ewa1yr
CMV: Prosecutors should not have a career path into general politics, otherwise they have too much of a motivation to just win regardless of guilt. ID: ew8lrn
CMV: Life Without Parole can be as bad, if not worse, than the Death Penalty and prisoners should have the option to convert between the two. ID: ew5igv
CMV: Esoteric "energy"/qi/etc. doesn't exist, and practices that claim to manipulate it either don't work better than a placebo or work for reasons other than "energy" ID: evmkpn
CMV: Student loan forgiveness is the hot new way to say $3 trillion bank bailout ID: ew4z64
CMV: When it Comes to Fiscal Concerns "Conservatives" and "Liberals" are the same. ID: ewirrf
CMV: The historical oppression of Irish people actually is comparable to black Americans, though it wasn’t as severe. ID: eweu52
CMV: Women are capable of seeing dozens of more colours than men. ID: ewpk4t
CMV: The word "rape" is too broad. ID: ewcyu9
CMV:Intellectual Property law is unnecessary and constricting on peoples ability to participate in the economy ID: ewfbx1
CMV: We are not bad people for eating meat as Veganism doesn't solve the problem. ID: evvp4p
CMV: There is nothing wrong with asking people where they are from ID: evo9yf
CMV: The ineffectiveness of the Chinese government's response to the 2019 coronavirus is overexaggerated ID: evsh87
CMV: I, as a person not in one of the first primary states, should not bother following the primary election until later in the process. ID: evy0x6
CMV: gun control could work in other countries, but not in the U.S ID: evxnzr
CMV: The Handling of the US Impeachment Trial is Disarming the Legislature ID: ev7d8b
CMV: The argument that abortion is wrong because you are preventing what could have been life is flawed, especially the argument that it is the same as killing someone in a coma. ID: evwpnv
CMV: A Thesaurus is more useful than a Dictionary to understand word meaning ID: evp23q
CMV: American Conservatism isn’t really about religion. It’s mostly about racial/tribal dynamics and profit. ID: evqj16
CMV: Having fewer kids in a country is always good. ID: evtdkf
CMV: I Should Suppress And Not Express My Emotions. ID: ew20nh
CMV: Transgender women who transitioned post-puberty should not be allowed to compete in competitive sports. ID: evavh4
CMV: Women are never taught how to PROPERLY question their emotions. ID: evnd18
CMV: Happily married women never look back at hook-ups or casual sex with other people good memories ID: ew2596
CMV: It's morally wrong for people with hereditary mental illnesses to have kids. ID: evgtyb
CMV: If you were born immortal (and invulnerable) it would be desirable to be able to deactivate this ability. Living forever will eventually become no being would wish to endure in itself. Once you've experienced everything life has to offer and it becomes time to move on. ID: evtcsg
CMV: Communities get worse as they get bigger ID: ev7q0l
CMV: it should be illegal to sign a book deal with a manuscript which contains information pertinent to an ongoing trial ID: evw28f
CMV: Celebrity deaths don't matter ID: evvsv9
CMV - Films with female leads would do better to not emphasise the fact they feature said female leads as a draw ID: ev7wyz
CMV: Mental Health Professionals are Full of Shit ID: evwxus
CMV: Activists upon their election to government office, may prioritize representing the people over bringing forth positive change. They shouldn't be seen as insincere or unfaithful to their cause for doing so. ID: evn0t2
CMV: Greek Life is a Useless Cult and Only Promotes Elitism ID: evgr2b
CMV: Writing is more persuasive when we vocalise it (say it out loud) first. ID: ev2w88
CMV: Non-pols Should Not Join a US Political Party ID: evqg98
CMV: There is ethical Bestiality and it should be legal under certain circumstances ID: evroo1
CMV: It is not my responsibility to challenge or educate people when they use problematic language ID: evah0n
CMV: The notwithstanding clause of the Canadian Constitution was a good idea. ID: evb7s5
CMV: Therapy won't help me. ID: ev63v0
CMV: Republicans often don’t see the big picture when it really matters. ID: evoa9a
CMV: universities are not obligated to provide mental health care. ID: evb9v2
CMV: A lot of people mourning tragedy they heard on the news are only in on the "hype" and not actually upset. ID: evh9vn
CMV: Drinking underage is wrong. ID: evcqno
CMV: Fiction is better than reality ID: ev7d4q
CMV: Why are people so riled up about incest ID: evfjd2
CMV: Most of the American population is ignorant and arrogant. ID: euy3pp
CMV : We were lucky that the Coronavirus started in China. ID: evax06
CMV: Reddit did xxxtentacion wrong. ID: ev9e01
CMV: Women cannot perform as well as men when it comes to physical labor ID: eusunm
CMV: Annual “cost of living” wage increases should be mandatory ID: euq09f
CMV: Cosmetics do more harm than good for humanity as a whole. ID: euncue
CMV: Raising wages won't solve anything ID: evakfj
CMV: the Dragon Ball Super anime will definitely return in 2020. ID: ev26p3
CMV: Most religions, as we know them, now relies on perpetual indoctrination of children who as adults (understandably) cannot imagine believing and living in any other way than the religion taught them ID: eu52vh
CMV: Heuristics like "ad hominem" are actually valid tactics in modern debate. ID: ev6sem
CMV: Self driving cars won't change the world ID: ev77hi
CMV: Forgiving / Cancelling Student Loan Debt is a Bad Idea ID: eupx3c
CMV:Eggs, particularly runny eggs, are a far better condiment than 'saucy' extras, like ketchup, mustard, ranch dressing, or hot sauce. ID: ev7rym
CMV: In The Incredibles, Screenslaver (Evelyn Deavor) is more evil than Syndrome (Buddy Pine) ID: eututw
CMV: The Joker hasn’t been killed because it would break Gotham’s and Batman’s moral compass. ID: eutefg
CMV: Even if you have enough money to spend on it, the cost of a wedding dress should be a joint decision and should depend on the values of the couple ID: euphcm
CMV: In certain aspects, aging is not that bad if you look younger than you are. ID: euuasq
CMV: If Donald Trump passed away tomorrow, US politics would in the following weeks become the most divided it has ever been ID: euf8pp
CMV Shows like The Good Doctor, Suits, CSI whatever, NCIS and others about firefighters and etc, are the biggest behavioral propaganda for the masses. ID: euz03p
CMV: End of support (for software) does not entitle customers to a refund ID: eur12v
CMV: The Military doesn't "fight for our freedom" (North America) ID: eubtq7
CMV: Support women's health if you want to prevent abortions. ID: euazrk
CMV: Historical stock market performance since the ‘80s is not sustainable ID: euhr1r
CMV: Buying a car cash is never better than getting a financing the same car at a reasonable interest rate (~5%) ID: euy3q8
CMV: The “customer is always right” is a toxic business philosophy that breeds selfishness and entitlement ID: etubmf
CMV: On a per capita basis, Muslims are a significantly greater domestic terrorism threat than white right wingers are. ID: eue7y8
CMV: There's no reason to worry about the Wuhan virus, based on the experience with swine flu, Zika, bird flu and Ebola ID: eudwl0
CMV: People who have had cold sores (HSV1) should fully disclose so to those they are intimate with ID: eulkbg
CMV: If we really want universal coverage, we need to cover hospitalization only. ID: eut7gj
CMV: A DJ is not a DJ unless they know how to scratch and/or add launchpad effects to the songs ID: eukikr
CMV: saying “RIP” instead of “rest in peace” is highly disrespectful ID: euqvn9
CMV: Heterosexuality is a preference. ID: eusmeu
CMV: A typical meat eater who complains about animal cruelty (meat and fur industry only) is a hypocrite. ID: euk6e6
CMV: Student Athletes should not be paid ID: eua8fo
CMV: No-knock warrants are unethical and should be banned in the United States (excluding kidnapping) ID: eu0v8m
CMV: There is no biblical basis for a full ban on abortion ID: etoyxd
CMV: There is no meaningful difference between a religion and a cult, and they should be subjected to the same amount of criticism ID: etn2st
CMV : Dodge has always pissed all over Ford ID: eulfz7
CMV: EU's connector standardisation is borderline moronic ID: eu6o3j
CMV: Republican senators and house members who love the substance of the president’s massive reliance on executive action are, for all intents and purposes, relying on the presidents actions later being deemed unconstitutional or otherwise and illegal ID: eubmrd
CMV: Despite crushing military defeats, both liberalism and fascism achieved many of their political goals in the century after ‘failing’. ID: eufcox
CMV: Amazon warehouse workers who believe their job is truly awful either have no grounds for complaint or should quit, since, from their perspective, it should always be better than continuing to work for Amazon ID: euh3vp
CMV: Australia's left wingers should stop dismissing terms like "Quiet Australians" because they do exist, and they won the election. ID: ety93k
CMV: Animals deserve zero rights. They exist only as tools/resources to humans. ID: eugxjg
CMV: The problem of miscommunication is unlikely to be solved or mitigated in any realistic capacity anytime soon. ID: etvrc1
CMV: College debt should not be canceled, and it is unfair to thousands of people who paid theirs off. ID: etvhao
CMV: Rape in role-playing games is practically the same thing as violence and death. ID: etwbv6
CMV: You cannot have objectively good taste in music ID: etu01j
CMV If abortion is an option, child support should also be an option. ID: etvnyw
CMV: The Amazon rainforest is too integral to the health of the planet for one nation to be guardian. The Amazon should be entrusted to a global guardianship, a combo of high level forest management, and military protection to ensure its persistence and health. ID: et9kvt
CMV: Fines should be scaled based on the financial situation of the guilty party ID: ets1kx
CMV: A socialist system in the US would greatly risk widespread repression of constitutional rights ID: etuors
CMV: When minorities try to form identities exclusive to that minority which are separate from the "majority", they cause more harm than not. ID: etuo3v
CMV: The new coronavirus is making a lot of discrimination against China/Chinese an allowable behavior. ID: eu1sba
CMV: Scientific articles are frequently a bit off base, misleading, or even downright wrong about some issues, and it isn't in the slightest "anti-science" to say so. ID: etq23s
CMV: Sign language should be taught in schools. ID: etd2dv
CMV: The mind operates empirically and truth is probabilistic ID: etrewz
CMV: If gender is fluid, so is attraction. ID: etsnw3
CMV: Medicare For All Isn’t Perfect ID: etvn8k
CMV: Clifford the Big Red Dog is a better implementation of the "what if a dog but big?" concept than Marmaduke. ID: eti6n0
CMV: “Fuck” is the most versatile word in the English language ID: etdpp1
CMV: While unprecedented, closing down public transportation out of Wuhan is the appropriate action in response to the also unprecedented conincidence with the Lunar New Year festivities. ID: et429k
CMV: Russia is going to hack the vote for Democrats in 2020 ID: eu0tx5
CMV: Manufacturing is the fundamental driver of any economy. The more our manufacturing economy moves overseas, the more our 'information economy' will follow. Therefore, we should do everything possible to bring manufacturing of all kinds back to the United States. ID: etfmvs
CMV: Raul Modesto Castro Ruz is a better human being than Addison Mitchell McConnell Jr. ID: etyi7k
CMV: Politicians should not be judged by the character of their Supporters ID: esv306
CMV: Minimum wage jobs (fast food, retail, etc.) are only for teenagers or total losers. ID: etvt41
CMV: If, as has been reported with regard to Marie Yovanovitch, Donald Trump told Parnas and Fruman to "take her out" and "get rid of her", he was requesting her incapacitation, not that she be fired from her post. ID: etmr2i
CMV: Airline companies opting for smaller seats is a good thing ID: ete1vw
CMV: Universal and Individual Privacy is incompatible with today's consumer economy ID: etdawy
CMV: Affirmative action in universities is a deliberate attempt to limit the number of Asian students ID: et3j0b
CMV: Makeup is masculine. ID: etj8ik
CMV: People who are aware of affairs/cheating yet refuse to tell the victims are also selfish POS. ID: esxex4
CMV: It Takes Too Long to Become a Doctor (in the US) ID: et2vmq
CMV: The New York Times's dual endorsement is a cop-out. ID: esxa0q
CMV: Hillary Clinton's newest statement about Bernie is not helping anyone but Trump. ID: esbw24
CMV: Buttons on jeans are ultimately less useful and more inconvient than the zippers they replace. ID: et04g2
CMV: Privately held companies should be required to publicly list their human beneficial owners. ID: esullk
CMV: Covers of songs shouldn't change the language in which it was originally sung. ID: etbdea
CMV: Kissing your family members on the lips is gross. ID: esplm7
CMV: "Art" is everywhere and, when you're an adult, you should only focus on your career in order to create your own kind of art. ID: et9zv2
CMV: Premier League footballers get paid an amount of money which is insane ID: esy4j9
CMV: Safety belt use should be mandatory across the board, and subject to primary enforcement. ID: espbs5
CMV: Marvel Movies really are now theme park rides ID: esnpq0
CMV: Nihon/Kunrei-shiki romanization are superior to Hepburn ID: et1y0c
CMV: Purity tests are extremely unproductive in political discourse. Policy doesn't matter that much. ID: esxrfg
CMV: Neutraceuticals and supplements should not be able to make any health claims whatsoever ID: eso4i1
CMV: America is an Oligarchy. ID: esbtvp
CMV : To me, it stands to reason that raising the minimum wage should negatively impact jobs and, in turn, the economy. ID: esisay
CMV: Political polls are easy to manipulate, political in nature (not 100% unbiased), and are generally used more for "spin" than to actually relay anything factual. ID: esggrf
CMV: Most Redditors are Losers ID: et1x2d
CMV: The electoral college is less democratic that a popular vote system (whether that's good or bad is irrelevant) ID: eshis6
CMV: Digging up Mummies and displaying them in museums in barbaric and disrespectful ID: erwc9x
CMV people with life threatening diseases they have no control over should get free health care/medication for that disease. ID: esabjm
CMV: As a life long liberal, if Joe Biden is the nominee, I’m voting for Trump. ID: eshfuu
CMV: The Reddit Algorithm is unfairly hurting posters in certain size subreddits ID: escrlk
CMV: In addition to measures to reduce carbon output, governments should aggressively begin funding research on and attempts to reduce global temperature via geoengineering. ID: esetm9
CMV: A Universal Basic Income funded primarily by a consumption tax has to be the foremost way of dealing with the problems that economic inequality / capitalism poses. ID: escddt
CMV: Using the "Love is Love" method of destigmatizing trans people dating cis people can be very beneficial as it was for same-gender (LGB) couples. ID: esk3gh
CMV: close extended family members, such as uncles and grandparents, should have visitation rights in a similar way divorced fathers do (or at least should) ID: esk3en
CMV: Meaning and reason are man-made words, only here to excuse our actions and high beliefs about ourselves. From the bigger perspective, nothing matters, and that's only sad because we believe it should. ID: esq4lm
CMV: The educational system ought to be heavily standardised and needs to be strict and authoritarian ... to foster creative talent and rebellion. ID: esrck6
CMV: There is no legitimate reason to bar broadly all evidence and witnesses from the senate impeachment trial and effort to do so can only be understood as a cover up. ID: erytx6
CMV: Imperialism, and Colonialism are generally good things. ID: esi6y6
CMV: people who complain about the fat acceptance movement are just bullies and it has nothing to do with genuinely trying to help people. ID: espuqz
CMV: There is no legitimate reason for individuals to own holding (or "shell") corporations apart from tax avoidance. For this reason, such corporations should be abolished. ID: eshgxw
CMV: Black Panthers are the prime example for 2A ID: es2fk9
CMV: There are only two genders ID: esp799
CMV: Bernie Sanders does not have a plausible plan for enacting his policy proposals ID: es1bcp
CMV: Superman and other godlike characters would me more compelling if they were less powerful ID: es0h5q
CMV: Abortion should be legal until birth ID: esj65v
CMV: News papers should not endorse political candidates as it serves no journalistic function. ID: erpn6k
CMV: Asking people to cite sources in an internet argument is mostly pointless, condescending, and counter-productive. ID: es5dsj
CMV: Bill Clinton should have been convicted of perjury ID: erzp5o
CMV: A users reddit history should only be visible to friends on reddit. ID: eru0ue
CMV: There’s nothing wrong with ethically keeping and killing livestock or hunting animals as game ID: es0wlk
CMV: Neo gender identities such as non-binary and genderfluid are contrived and do not hold any coherent meaning. ID: erfdcf
CMV: Heads of US Government agencies and departments should not be appointed by the President ID: es1bkv
CMV: The Colosseum should be restored, as should other ancient monuments ID: eryn5z
CMV: nothing is sacred ID: es06la
CMV: There is no evidence that Slavery caused black America's current financial state ID: eskh9c
CMV: Democrats' Have A Stronger Case Against Trump Than They've Made ID: esdn5n
CMV: Term limits for Congresspeople are a bad idea ID: erx6sj
CMV: Vehicular manslaughter shouldn't be a crime ID: eseuze
CMV: A face recognition search engine would not be unethical. ID: esa0at
CMV: The state of public discourse is in shambles and I can only see it getting worse ID: eroxne
CMV: There is no point to taxing the rich, as they have all the necessary resources to move their wealth and nationality. ID: erutnt
CMV: Product "Shrinkflation" is OK as long as it is clearly labeled ID: es1lk8
CMV: It's no worse to eat dogs or cats than it is to eat cows or pigs. ID: erjt2j
CMV: There is nothing wrong with adopting elements of other cultures and incorporating them into; art, music, fashion or one’s general lifestyle. Often called cultural appropriation. ID: erl70e
CMV: Recreational drug use is not really a victimless crime. ID: erp7ul
CMV: Batman is not a superhero. He is a supervillain. ID: erlhqr
CMV: McGregor does not deserve a title shot vs Khabib ID: erg21g
CMV: Gradual Revolutions Usually Do better Than Radical Ones ID: erljxu
CMV: It's 2020, so there's no excuse anymore for popular apps to not be available on both iOS AND android phones. ID: er07os
CMV: The laws regarding photographing in public without people's consent are outdated, harmful and need to be readjusted as soon as possible. ID: erii1m
CMV:I think half the population or more should be eradicated ID: es5tqv
CMV: It's ok for employers to discriminate against smokers ID: erhpdw
CMV: The Sole Survivor in Fallout 4 Should Have Had Monologues/Cutscenes ID: erk5qz
CMV: There is absolutely nothing wrong with urinating in the sink, and everyone who claims to be environmentally conscious should be doing it. ID: ergfba
CMV: All drugs should be legalized ID: erhv6k
CMV: If you believe that Affirmative Action-based policies and practices are bad, you should identify as a female LGBT person of color on confidential forms presented to you. ID: ergdtj
CMV: Amy Klobuchar is a great candidate for President, but Pete Buttigieg is more likely to beat Trump. ID: ergvj3
CMV: Americans need to rename all governmental services as “socialized”, since they are not run as a free market or “capitalist”. ID: erqe6f
CMV: The main point of confusion and disagreement with discussions about gender and gender identity are the definitions of terms like 'gender', 'man', 'women'. If we want to have productive arguments about this issue we need to define terms clearly. ID: eriy6o
CMV: The jury system is unfair and outdated ID: er9ifr
CMV: Donald Trump is not a bafoon. ID: ercjll
CMV: Censorship leads to less intellectual freedom/critic in a society ID: er699f
CMV: Basic CPR and first aid training and practice should be a mandatory part of high school curriculums nationwide. ID: eqoopv
CMV: People focus on the technological concerns in Black Mirror at the expense of the human stories ID: eqxgql
CMV: A wealth tax similar to what Sanders and Warren are proposing is a good idea for reducing wealth inequality. ID: erno20
CMV: Hispanics/Latinos will assimilate into White Americans several decades from now. ID: er2flz
CMV: There is nothing wrong about being unemphatic if you are sympathetic ID: erafjb
CMV: If you're upset or uncomfortable by someone performing an otherwise harmless action, you're the asshole ID: er812a
CMV: Don't look to schools to fix all the stuff parents fail to teach their children. ID: eqv2iw
CMV: Medicare for all should be a choice ID: erl2e1
CMV: The Democrats don't know how to address regulatory reform and this hurts their appeal ID: er19mh
CMV: Stopping cyberbullying and harassment isn’t as easy as “turning the computer off” ID: er8vjp
CMV: The overwhelming majority of men want to mate with multiple women instead of be monogamous: If they could, they would, and when they can...they do. ID: ermyab
CMV: Despite being a high-libido hopeless romantic man, I will be much happier if I live my entire life single, as opposed to having any romantic relationships. ID: er26jb
CMV: I don't think you should use 23andMe to get genetic testing done before having children ID: er1rfh
CMV: Cars shouldn't be digital ID: er1ck3
CMV: Climate change is not something to worry about ID: erg61z
CMV: People who will vote for whatever candidate their party nominates regardless of who it is should excuse themselves from participating in the primaries/caucuses. ID: eqzryh
CMV: Beauty and the Beast is an incredibly creepy movie ID: eqhs87
CMV: Parents are not always to blame for their kids turning out shitty ID: eqqwrg
CMV: Costco has the best tasting bottled water ID: er72c7
CMV: people claiming that stories are “fake” is getting old and pointless ID: er436h
CMV: Men generally have it worse compared to women (in the US) ID: eqtvgx
CMV: It is hypocritical, inconsistent, and unfair to defend people who wear hijabs and condemn people who use the Confederate flag (and vise versa, but that's a somewhat less common occurrence, at least in the media). ID: eqrk8z
CMV: Tomato juice is the ultimate pairing with BBQ flavours ID: eqvsid
CMV: Polytheism (Hinduism, etc) is just as likely to be correct as monotheism (Judaism, etc). ID: eqxl95
CMV: when you move to a new country you should want to assimilate ID: eq5jkp
CMV: Bernie Sanders is not significantly more unelectable than any other Democrat running ID: eqrsrh
CMV: Customer service jobs will always suck. ID: eqhdwe
CMV: Children should not be mandated to go to school ID: eqll1e
CMV: Film Directors should not be as valued as the Screenwriters ID: eqf5dw
CMV: The solution to the US Social Security funding shortage is to invest a portion of it in the stock market ID: eqvlcy
CMV: Complete legalization of any registered illegal drugs is a bad idea ID: eqjzh2
CMV: If Money is a Shitty Gift, So are Gift Cards ID: eqc7hg
CMV: Getting a tax refund is not a good thing and people should file their taxes differently if they are receiving gigantic returns ID: eptp94
CMV: Fish should be classified as meat ID: eq7zcj
CMV: The lack of business and economic understanding is a major civics crisis for the USA ID: eq7fki
CMV: Kong should easily be able to beat Godzilla. ID: eqc13y
CMV: advertising laws should restrict advertisers from using irrelevant, unfalsifiable, misleading, or anything other than direct and literal speech ID: eqc177
CMV It is not the obligation of trans people to tell a partner that they are trans. ID: eqoyt2
CMV: Calc 2 is easier than Calc 1 ID: eq86y8
CMV: Most Male Doms (BDSM) Are Creepy AF ID: eq2n6a
CMV: I do not want to work for the sole purpose of money ID: eps8nh
CMV: Thank-you notes are outdated and unnecessary, and serve no real purpose except to signal "good raising". ID: epnnlb
CMV: American Highschool English classes should give students more experimental literature ID: epzya8
CMV: Determinism, Compatibilism and libertarianism are all wrong ID: eqdcq5
CMV: Thursdays are the worst day of the week ID: eq5drv
CMV: there's no reason for urinals to be so high ID: eq04su
CMV: Men Should Pee Sitting Down (from a male janitor) ID: eperaw
CMV: You are not actually "anti-capitalist" unless you are calling for the complete abandonment of markets. ID: epts11
CMV: If Russia and Venezuela are cases against communism and socialism, then the US(and many other countries) are cases against democracy. ID: epvbqc
CMV: America should abolish the police ID: eqci1s
CMV if we change school to categorize students based on learning types, employers/colleges will only gravitate to certain learning types. ID: epucei
CMV: Speed limits on highways should either be enforced universally and consistently through speed cameras, or they should be eliminated entirely. ID: eq2rte
CMV: People who hate Trump tend to under-estimate him. This is dangerous. ID: epgdr4
CMV: Watermarking your memes is absolutely retarded ID: eq3ncn
CMV: The U.S. should continue to keep a presence in the Middle East ID: eppq85
CMV: fixed-amount monetary fines for favor the rich and should instead be based on a percentage of the offenders income or net worth ID: ep3fr0
CMV: CNN & Cable News as a whole would love it if Trump was re-elected. ID: ep5731
CMV: Accelerationism is a valid philosophy. ID: epmx5x
CMV: Listening to an Audiobook is just as mentally stimulating and thought-provoking as reading the physical book yourself. ID: epkhy1
CMV: Your childhood doesn't really shape you ID: eq3r00
CMV: Mocking Americans for their awful healthcare system is every bit as sociopathic as mocking someone under a dictatorship for being executed ID: epcu80
CMV: Implementing a wealth tax (taxation based on net worth) would be too problematic to be worth it. ID: epgk73
CMV: Blazing Saddles would be hated if it was made today ID: epctzn
CMV: employers should be compelled to provide complete transparency around performance, compensation, promotion of every employee. ID: epdewl
CMV: Instagram’s new policy of shielding the number of likes awarded to each post is the social media equivalent of participation trophies, and ridiculous. ID: epe4tr
CMV: There's no such thing as "talent" ID: epubfk
CMV: The public fear of using the N Word in America gives the word power and is unhelpful to society. ID: ep3od8
CMV: If America had dropped the atomic bomb in a less populated (or even unpopulated) area of Japan, then the Japanese Empire would have surrendered anyway. There was no need to kill so many innocent people. ID: eomspd
CMV: We should stop primarily teaching facts in school ID: ep5rpy
CMV: Hollywood actors should be treated the same way athletes are, with drafts, trades, finite contracts, and even talent scouting ID: eppp19
CMV: Hand signatures are a very outdated tool and shouldn't be in use for official documents ID: eozxs5
CMV: Our legal punishment system is based on basic instincts like anger and revenge and the perfect one wouldn't punish anyone. ID: epkzv8
CMV: I (a male) should be invited to my sister's baby shower ID: ep34x3
CMV: American driver education is woefully inadequate, and creates dangerous conditions for the general public ID: eousq7
CMV: Algae-based biofuels would reduce carbon emissions so much that it's worth the moral hazards they entail, and so working for companies that enable them. ID: ep3b0m
CMV: Those who hate on Fat people are NOT genuinely concerned about their health. They just find Fat people repulsive. ID: eoerpz
CMV: Political Parties Should Be Banned ID: eozpkr
CMV: Logic proclaiming he's "so fresh I double park that bitch sideways" was the freshest line ever uttered and is the height of modern lyricism. ID: epg7b5
CMV: It's perfectly acceptable to be racist to white people in 2020 America and anyone who is won't face any realistic backlash ID: eoy6jn
CMV: Rupert Murdoch's media empire and their propaganda machine holds the most responsibility for the recent surge in anti-intellectual conservativism ID: eox9x9
CMV: You're your own God / You create your own spirituality ID: eoxel1
CMV: Nothing will realistically get Trump removed from office ID: eopgt0
CMV: There is a practical division between gamers engaged in role-playing games and those who prefer storytelling games, and the community of designers and players would greatly benefit from recognizing this difference. ID: eourv6
CMV: If you believe that definitions/spellings of words should change when they're used incorrectly (literally becoming an antonym of itself for example), you should never correct anyone on their spelling, ever ID: eostkj
CMV: Living in New Zealand is better than almost anywhere else on earth ID: eoyij9
CMV: All men are homosexual. ID: epdvsj
CMV: No mainstream act of the 2010s could suck more than shitty 2000s acts like Blink 182, Good Charlotte, All Time Low, and Simple Plan ID: epc780
CMV: Public colleges/universities in the United States should use standardized tests (e.g. SAT, ACT) in their admissions process. ID: eopdy6
CMV: posting links from state-funded media outlets like Russia Today (RT) and China Global Television Network (CGTN) helps those outlets spread propaganda and misinformation. ID: eop32n
CMV: I refuse to date anyone who hasn’t gone, or isn’t willing to go, to therapy ID: ep5v8m
CMV: Academic exams should either not be timed, or have far less tight time limits. ID: eojpfl
CMV: Students shouldn’t pick their classes based on what has the highest chances of getting them into college but rather what will be best for them in terms of their career path. ID: eop0m0
CMV: Psychology is more guesswork than science. ID: eojzrj
CMV: Political lobbying (with money) sucks ID: eo4s39
CMV: No matter how ideal and beneficent a political/economic system is or seems to be, it still needs to thrive in the context of competing systems. ID: eovnt0
CMV: Society has a duty to start genetically engineering humans as soon as possible ID: ep0rhn
cmv: anything you say is okay as long as everyone that was meant to hear it isn't offended ID: eoopco
CMV: Atheist will be more inclined to believe in the existence of an Abrahamic God if Christians can accept that their God is NOT omnibenevolent (but can be omniscient, -potent & -present) ID: ep0h3s
CMV: What if a person that can’t find any rags in their house begins to cut up an American flag for rags? My answer to this hypothetical question is this is a harmless action and shouldn't be criminal. ID: ep1w2v
CMV: When a card is passed around an office, signing fifth is ideal. ID: eo8jga
CMV: There is no inherent meaning to life ID: eo7dy7
CMV: I don't want student loans forgiven and I graduated towards the end of last year. ID: eou4g2
CMV: I don't like sitting anywhere public. ID: eop078
CMV: Most people aren't educated well enough on most political topics hence their opinion on how things should be done are irrelevant ID: eob1zw
CMV: Cultural squeamishness about bare feet in public is irrational and arguably responsible for the majority of foot problems ID: eo3b53
CMV: I think that all drugs should be legalised and exclusively vendored by the state. ID: eocbut
CMV: Antisocial Personality Disorder should be accepted by society and those who suffer from it (sociopaths) should not be ostracized. ID: eo8xnn
CMV: General humanities education should not be required of students. ID: eoq0ce
CMV women mostly date/fuck assholes because this because this behavior is what sexually arouses them ID: eot7eh
CMV: Even if it is true, the proof is in the pudding when it comes to Sanders saying he doesn't think a woman could win the nomination and Sanders should be praised for his insight into the political climate while Warren is desperately trying to make this primary about identity now ID: eoq8h7
CMV: Democrats and Liberals are doing PR for the Iranian Regime to further their own political interests ID: eo67v9
CMV: Parents/guardians should have additional votes for their dependents who are below voting age ID: eoqgrj
CMV: Complaining about diversity in the Oscars is pointless because the award is ID: eo17st
CMV: The american public school system is absolute garbage, and is completely pointless ID: eo6ezf
CMV: The so-called corporate media is not threatened by Bernie Sanders and has no reason to be ID: eoeh3s
CMV: Religion is harmful and a net negative on society ID: eo1gbs
CMV: Teaching how to file taxes, paying for a house, making a budget, ect in High School(Or equivalent) is useless and does not work. ID: eog8dr
CMV: Ice hockey players are the best overall athletes ID: eofkha
CMV: It's more than reasonable to either sterilize or execute dangerous criminals. ID: eo2d8s
CMV: The government should not give student loans or grants to useless majors such as gender studies ID: eo01ch
CMV: Multiple countries are lead by idiots ID: enu49l
CMV: Medicare-for-all is a bad idea for the United States ID: enqpfj
CMV: Learning to read English is comparable to learning to read Mandarin Chinese ID: eo2a4p
CMV: Pelosi held the Articles of Impeachment to help Joe Biden win the nomination ID: eo41yk
CMV: Gaming Companies Should Donate Their Own Money instead of Relying on The Purchases Average People Make on Their "Charity-Content". ID: enuz1t
CMV: SW edition: Rey speaking flawless king's English when she's supposed to be a scavenger ruins any chance she has a humility ID: ens6re
CMV: Protective gear should be normalized for skateboarding. ID: enpdvt
CMV: The Elder Scrolls III: Morrowind is a terrible game because of its awful combat system ID: eo0a2b
CMV: Internet Users are generally biased and a net negative force on the internet ID: enxffe
CMV: Pages such as facebook, youtube and others should have a verification that the voting credential needs to allow to see adult content. ID: eo4zz8
CMV: Some forms of racism or sexism being worse than others is not an excuse to engage in the "lesser" forms of it. ID: enfavu
CMV: The old Star Wars movies should be remade. ID: eo5ic4
CMV: We shouldn't listen to political jokes. ID: eo2tgu
CMV: There is nothing wrong with polygamous relationships or marriage. ID: enj754
CMV: if you believe kids should held accountable for past racist/sexist/offensive conduct you can't be in favor of the juvenile criminal justice system ID: enu3dz
CMV: There is no difference between dying painlessly and dying in torture ID: eo3k9b
CMV: In the USA, the narrative that conservatives purposefully target minorities doesn't gel with their stated fiscal policy goals ID: enlheu
CMV: I am having a hard time taking modern (and real) issues seriously when I read about the ridiculousness that takes place around them. ID: engx6o
CMV: Up/Down votes for Reddit posts should contain short feedback as to why. ID: eo0cpa
CMV: Trump is not Hitler. ID: enz07d
CMV: The presidential primary should be randomized with states being picked at random when they will hold there election. ID: en25dv
CMV: Buying organic, cage free, or similarly marketed products are not worth it ID: en9tnv
CMV: COPPA is bullshit. If it's OK to collect data on adults, it should be OK to collect data on children ID: enhag3
CMV: A Person is Indebted to No One at Birth ID: endtgg
