CMV: There is a stronger case for a maximum age for US Presidential eligibility than a minimum age ID: eygx1b
CMV: Guns do not protect against tyranny ID: eybq7d
CMV: Children enrolled in K-12 schools should have free lunch regardless of ability to pay or qualify for free lunch program. ID: exxla0
CMV: Prison should be reserved for those who are deemed a danger to others ID: eyitm7
CMV: Cursive is no longer needed in modern society and should no longer be taught in schools. ID: eyhqpq
CMV: I do not think Bernie Sanders Medicare for All plan is financially possible in the next 4 and even 8 years. ID: eyk7r3
CMV: I believe that the only morally consistent argument on abortion is that personhood begins at conception. ID: eygzed
CMV - ELA Classes should NOT have Multiple Choice Tests (over literature) (American Education System) ID: eyigts
CMV: teachers should not be held accountable for student test scores ID: eybcp6
CMV:The claim that Trump should be excused by his accomplishments is laughable. ID: eycnqp
CMV: Parents shouldn't be allowed to dictate what children learn or don't learn at school ID: ey4t3f
CMV: Bernie Sanders is not a communist ID: ey6yun
CMV : America should first look at the way they have devolved into an unhealthy society before demanding health care for all ID: eyjkc7
CMV: Restaurants that post their menus online without pricing are just hurting their own business ID: ey0551
CMV: Successful equal collaboration in STEM brainstorming is rare, in most cases (business and academia) someone is giving and taking more than others. ID: eyflvx
CMV: I am Islamophobic. ID: exexo0
CMV: The U.S military is a fucking Oil Company. ID: eyiavu
CMV: Lettuce is a waste of an ingredient in a sandwich, to include burgers. ID: eyeok3
CMV: It's completely inexcusable for reddit moderators to ban avocation of violence. ID: eyimoq
CMV: Paternity leave should be granted to men in the US ID: exwipi
CMV: Political news stations divide the people. ID: exxxti
CMV: We have nothing to fear about death. ID: exya4o
CMV: Religions are unfairly blamed for social ills ID: extaxz
CMV: Nationalism isnt bad ID: eyfpzg
CMV: Transpeople should disclose that they're trans to their partners before acts of intimacy, e.g. sex, kissing, cuddling, etc. ID: ex76zy
CMV: Schools shouldn't remove the Valedictorian award/title ID: ext3tk
CMV: Clothing brands should not run "positive" marketing campaigns for obese people ID: exo5x2
CMV. Most rich men should not get married. ID: eyd69r
CMV. Weed is terrible for your soul ID: eydm8i
CMV: Im a trump supporter, change my view ID: eye6em
CMV: Plant based should become the prevailing diet in the world after a gradual phasing out of animal products. ID: eycvy3
CMV: The US is broken beyond repair, the only solution is to divide into 2-5 different countries. ID: eyftct
CMV: A business' only responsibility is to make profits for itself, not create jobs or take care of you ID: exsuhg
CMV: leaving out food overnight isn't harmful ID: exvl7x
CMV: If you were to do a D&D cosmology analysis on the Sumerian Pantheon, Yahweh would be the lawful evil god whose portfolio contains racism, slavery, and holy war. ID: exs706
CMV: Racism is subconscious ID: ey0ffq
CMV: Senator Sheev Palpatine is the most interesting character in the Star Wars prequels ID: exrd1a
CMV: Trump is right when he claims that he has an advantage because he has the support of the "though people" ID: eyb6o5
CMV:China did it to themselves with the Coronavirus ID: eyb54s
CMV: People shouldn’t be allowed to interact with strangers on the internet ID: eyc5hb
CMV: The right to independence cuts both ways ID: exttzq
CMV: Pedophiles should be rehabilitated and threatening men/women that have sexual tendencies towards children is counterproductive. ID: exr4xt
CMV:Rosencrantz and Guildernstern in 'Hamlet' were just following orders. ID: exr59q
CMV: The Superbowl should be made a US national Holiday ID: ey8dl1
CMV: Israel is not the primary cause of the humanitarian crisis in Gaza, nor can they do much to stop it. ID: extxc1
CMV: asking for each other’s height is same as asking for age ID: ey581y
CMV: Tattoos are still not accepted in Corporate America ID: exxudd
CMV: I'm morally in the right to download a file/video/picture, if I pay for it. (Physical copy streaming service) ID: exl3bu
CMV: aa> a+ (this is about boob size) ID: ey2l0j
CMV: China created and distributed the Wuhan coronavirus to dissipate the Hong Kong protests momentum. ID: ey65fr
CMV: I think we should legalize all drugs in the United States. ID: exrv11
CMV: Pornography doesn't objectify women. ID: ey01l7
CMV: Chernobyl is an Exaggerated Disaster ID: ey1h1m
CMV: Socialism works ID: exwgvt
CMV: If--as an American--you want to influence US policy and the direction of this country, you should vote in the primary of the Senate race's winning party, even if that means registering with a party you otherwise wouldn't ID: ex7xe5
CMV: People letting dogs lick babies is absolutely disgusting ID: exb8ba
CMV:Saying "You're pretty for a trans girl" seems like an unnecessarily condescending compliment. ID: exfaib
CMV: Elective circumcision should be a crime ID: ex6yh6
CMV: There is no, non-racist way to explain minorities struggles in America, without acknowledging systematic oppression. ID: exthvz
CMV: Partisanship makes it almost impossible to remove a Republican president for abusing his office ID: exb0ou
CMV: Children should be required to do chores. ID: ex98z1
CMV: If we take it to be true that we have about a decade to save the Earth from climate catastrophe, and if there are nations not on board with this initiative, they pose an existential threat to all other nations and citizens, and governments have a moral obligation to declare war on those nations ID: exu2g8
CMV: POTUS's statement on Climate Change is Entirely fart. ID: exsrzt
CMV: Marriage/Divorce is a terrible deal for men in western nations, especially the United States. ID: exdacu
CMV: Black Culture hurts Black People ID: extyru
CMV: North Korea is not a horrible country ID: exwdkk
CMV: High street retailers should share at least 10% of their sales profits with their employees ID: ewqjv1
CMV: theres nothing morally wrong with ROMs of old games that wont come out again. ID: ex4zjd
CMV: You should avoid letting a candidate's age decide or even impact your vote ID: exk2rg
CMV: Intoxicated sex is not rape ID: exldk7
CMV: The POTUS is a master manipulator ID: exp8fk
CMV: It’s become socially unacceptable to approach or engage with anyone in public for any reason. ID: ex7sux
CMV: The "but the chromosomes" argument in regards to transgender people doesn't make any sense at all ID: exnhhj
CMV: a ‘Gay Culture’ exists, but not a ‘Gay Community’ and saying so is dangerous. ID: exok4v
CMV I am A Trump Supporter ID: ex6x2n
CMV: January is the best month to have a birthday. ID: exaaib
CMV: From the lens of Christian theology, the view of predestination is correct ID: excuhd
CMV:The General Christian Conception of God is Faulty and Contradictory With Reality ID: exb5dd
CMV: 'Straight Outa Comptom' (2015) is a musical. ID: ewzmqv
CMV: There should be a karma requirement for sending DMs to other users ID: ewuqg3
CMV: The United States Should Adopt the Year Round School System ID: exbp1i
CMV: Managers should be chosen from the employees that already know what the job is about and took initiative in particular cases, not just on "management skills" ID: ew5quz
CMV: Juul and similar vaporizers are *probably* not harmful to your health. ID: ex9fvk
CMV: tailgating or brake checking should be considered assult with a deadly weapon ID: ewu1x8
CMV: Liability Insurance Should not Exist ID: ewvwy9
CMV: Vaccines Are Good. ID: ex6l55
CMV: it isn’t transphobic to believe being trans is wrong, and to not accept people to be their chosen gender/pronoun ID: exc0nv
CMV: Being a raging extrovert is the only trait that matters at all ID: exa9i9
CMV: People that ask for a second referendum/vote/etc. when they realized they made a mistake shouldn't get a second try at doing "the right thing" ID: ewuhq9
CMV: The left liberals are the very fascists that they claim to fight against. ID: exca7t
CMV: By voting you support a flawed system of representation and a two party system that can't work together ID: ex8lma
CMV: School is superior than self-study for most people in general education purpose. ID: ewurqv
CMV: Mrs. Robinson is the ultimate road trip song ID: ex42g5
CMV: Voting for someone in the primary just because you think that they are "electable" is a poor way of choosing a candidate. ID: ew6xyi
CMV: You do not have "anxiety" (in the mental health sense) if you get nervous talking to people you don't know or if you experience stress. That's just called "being normal," and it shouldn't be used as an excuse. ID: ew70i6
CMV: I'm a conservative and open to new ideas. ID: ewgbvj
CMV: Extinction Rebellion's second demand is impossible on a global scale because it would require levels of international cooperation comparable to world peace ID: ewilre
CMV: The "Pinkpill feminism" sub should be shut down. ID: ew73t1
CMV: The United States would benefit from an experimental program to relocate people on government assistance to farming stations. ID: ewxh3p
CMV: I don't get why coronavirus from Wuhan is such a big deal ID: ew2w1r
CMV: England should give Ireland back ID: ewfoao
CMV: "Believe Women" is a bad name for an otherwise great movement that hinders the movement's progress ID: ewbbwy
CMV: No Pulp Orange Juice is Better Than Orange Juice With Pulp ID: ew7pnz
CMV Craig's List needs to ban the sale of Animals on their site if they are not going to enforce their own rules. ID: ewbfcq
CMV: Tariffs and trade wars will not bring jobs back to America. It will only raise prices for consumers ID: ew71e5
CMV Fans are the most important part to the entertainment industry ID: ew9ywm
CMV: The only paths to a society without delinquents are either a) let children be raised by professionals instead of parents; or b) make developmental psychology & parenting (subjects from psychology and teaching college programs) mandatory for everyone. ID: ew63sv
CMV: The term “white privilege” is presumptuous and a baseless generalization ID: ew6dt8
CMV: Senators Should Be "Cross Examining" Instead of Lobbing Softballs to Their Own Presumed Side ID: ewa1yr
CMV: Prosecutors should not have a career path into general politics, otherwise they have too much of a motivation to just win regardless of guilt. ID: ew8lrn
CMV: Life Without Parole can be as bad, if not worse, than the Death Penalty and prisoners should have the option to convert between the two. ID: ew5igv
CMV: Esoteric "energy"/qi/etc. doesn't exist, and practices that claim to manipulate it either don't work better than a placebo or work for reasons other than "energy" ID: evmkpn
CMV: Student loan forgiveness is the hot new way to say $3 trillion bank bailout ID: ew4z64
CMV: When it Comes to Fiscal Concerns "Conservatives" and "Liberals" are the same. ID: ewirrf
CMV: The historical oppression of Irish people actually is comparable to black Americans, though it wasn’t as severe. ID: eweu52
CMV: Women are capable of seeing dozens of more colours than men. ID: ewpk4t
CMV: The word "rape" is too broad. ID: ewcyu9
CMV:Intellectual Property law is unnecessary and constricting on peoples ability to participate in the economy ID: ewfbx1
CMV: We are not bad people for eating meat as Veganism doesn't solve the problem. ID: evvp4p
CMV: There is nothing wrong with asking people where they are from ID: evo9yf
CMV: The ineffectiveness of the Chinese government's response to the 2019 coronavirus is overexaggerated ID: evsh87
CMV: I, as a person not in one of the first primary states, should not bother following the primary election until later in the process. ID: evy0x6
CMV: gun control could work in other countries, but not in the U.S ID: evxnzr
CMV: The Handling of the US Impeachment Trial is Disarming the Legislature ID: ev7d8b
CMV: The argument that abortion is wrong because you are preventing what could have been life is flawed, especially the argument that it is the same as killing someone in a coma. ID: evwpnv
CMV: A Thesaurus is more useful than a Dictionary to understand word meaning ID: evp23q
CMV: American Conservatism isn’t really about religion. It’s mostly about racial/tribal dynamics and profit. ID: evqj16
CMV: Having fewer kids in a country is always good. ID: evtdkf
CMV: I Should Suppress And Not Express My Emotions. ID: ew20nh
CMV: Transgender women who transitioned post-puberty should not be allowed to compete in competitive sports. ID: evavh4
CMV: Women are never taught how to PROPERLY question their emotions. ID: evnd18
CMV: Happily married women never look back at hook-ups or casual sex with other people good memories ID: ew2596
CMV: It's morally wrong for people with hereditary mental illnesses to have kids. ID: evgtyb
CMV: If you were born immortal (and invulnerable) it would be desirable to be able to deactivate this ability. Living forever will eventually become no being would wish to endure in itself. Once you've experienced everything life has to offer and it becomes time to move on. ID: evtcsg
CMV: Communities get worse as they get bigger ID: ev7q0l
CMV: it should be illegal to sign a book deal with a manuscript which contains information pertinent to an ongoing trial ID: evw28f
CMV: Celebrity deaths don't matter ID: evvsv9
CMV - Films with female leads would do better to not emphasise the fact they feature said female leads as a draw ID: ev7wyz
CMV: Mental Health Professionals are Full of Shit ID: evwxus
CMV: Activists upon their election to government office, may prioritize representing the people over bringing forth positive change. They shouldn't be seen as insincere or unfaithful to their cause for doing so. ID: evn0t2
CMV: Greek Life is a Useless Cult and Only Promotes Elitism ID: evgr2b
CMV: Writing is more persuasive when we vocalise it (say it out loud) first. ID: ev2w88
CMV: Non-pols Should Not Join a US Political Party ID: evqg98
CMV: There is ethical Bestiality and it should be legal under certain circumstances ID: evroo1
CMV: It is not my responsibility to challenge or educate people when they use problematic language ID: evah0n
CMV: The notwithstanding clause of the Canadian Constitution was a good idea. ID: evb7s5
CMV: Therapy won't help me. ID: ev63v0
CMV: Republicans often don’t see the big picture when it really matters. ID: evoa9a
CMV: universities are not obligated to provide mental health care. ID: evb9v2
CMV: A lot of people mourning tragedy they heard on the news are only in on the "hype" and not actually upset. ID: evh9vn
CMV: Drinking underage is wrong. ID: evcqno
CMV: Fiction is better than reality ID: ev7d4q
CMV: Why are people so riled up about incest ID: evfjd2
CMV: Most of the American population is ignorant and arrogant. ID: euy3pp
CMV : We were lucky that the Coronavirus started in China. ID: evax06
CMV: Reddit did xxxtentacion wrong. ID: ev9e01
CMV: Women cannot perform as well as men when it comes to physical labor ID: eusunm
CMV: Annual “cost of living” wage increases should be mandatory ID: euq09f
CMV: Cosmetics do more harm than good for humanity as a whole. ID: euncue
CMV: Raising wages won't solve anything ID: evakfj
CMV: the Dragon Ball Super anime will definitely return in 2020. ID: ev26p3
CMV: Most religions, as we know them, now relies on perpetual indoctrination of children who as adults (understandably) cannot imagine believing and living in any other way than the religion taught them ID: eu52vh
CMV: Heuristics like "ad hominem" are actually valid tactics in modern debate. ID: ev6sem
CMV: Self driving cars won't change the world ID: ev77hi
CMV: Forgiving / Cancelling Student Loan Debt is a Bad Idea ID: eupx3c
CMV:Eggs, particularly runny eggs, are a far better condiment than 'saucy' extras, like ketchup, mustard, ranch dressing, or hot sauce. ID: ev7rym
CMV: In The Incredibles, Screenslaver (Evelyn Deavor) is more evil than Syndrome (Buddy Pine) ID: eututw
CMV: The Joker hasn’t been killed because it would break Gotham’s and Batman’s moral compass. ID: eutefg
CMV: Even if you have enough money to spend on it, the cost of a wedding dress should be a joint decision and should depend on the values of the couple ID: euphcm
CMV: In certain aspects, aging is not that bad if you look younger than you are. ID: euuasq
CMV: If Donald Trump passed away tomorrow, US politics would in the following weeks become the most divided it has ever been ID: euf8pp
CMV Shows like The Good Doctor, Suits, CSI whatever, NCIS and others about firefighters and etc, are the biggest behavioral propaganda for the masses. ID: euz03p
CMV: End of support (for software) does not entitle customers to a refund ID: eur12v
CMV: The Military doesn't "fight for our freedom" (North America) ID: eubtq7
CMV: Support women's health if you want to prevent abortions. ID: euazrk
CMV: Historical stock market performance since the ‘80s is not sustainable ID: euhr1r
CMV: Buying a car cash is never better than getting a financing the same car at a reasonable interest rate (~5%) ID: euy3q8
CMV: The “customer is always right” is a toxic business philosophy that breeds selfishness and entitlement ID: etubmf
CMV: On a per capita basis, Muslims are a significantly greater domestic terrorism threat than white right wingers are. ID: eue7y8
CMV: There's no reason to worry about the Wuhan virus, based on the experience with swine flu, Zika, bird flu and Ebola ID: eudwl0
CMV: People who have had cold sores (HSV1) should fully disclose so to those they are intimate with ID: eulkbg
CMV: If we really want universal coverage, we need to cover hospitalization only. ID: eut7gj
CMV: A DJ is not a DJ unless they know how to scratch and/or add launchpad effects to the songs ID: eukikr
CMV: saying “RIP” instead of “rest in peace” is highly disrespectful ID: euqvn9
CMV: Heterosexuality is a preference. ID: eusmeu
CMV: A typical meat eater who complains about animal cruelty (meat and fur industry only) is a hypocrite. ID: euk6e6
CMV: Student Athletes should not be paid ID: eua8fo
CMV: No-knock warrants are unethical and should be banned in the United States (excluding kidnapping) ID: eu0v8m
CMV: There is no biblical basis for a full ban on abortion ID: etoyxd
CMV: There is no meaningful difference between a religion and a cult, and they should be subjected to the same amount of criticism ID: etn2st
CMV : Dodge has always pissed all over Ford ID: eulfz7
CMV: EU's connector standardisation is borderline moronic ID: eu6o3j
CMV: Republican senators and house members who love the substance of the president’s massive reliance on executive action are, for all intents and purposes, relying on the presidents actions later being deemed unconstitutional or otherwise and illegal ID: eubmrd
CMV: Despite crushing military defeats, both liberalism and fascism achieved many of their political goals in the century after ‘failing’. ID: eufcox
CMV: Amazon warehouse workers who believe their job is truly awful either have no grounds for complaint or should quit, since, from their perspective, it should always be better than continuing to work for Amazon ID: euh3vp
CMV: Australia's left wingers should stop dismissing terms like "Quiet Australians" because they do exist, and they won the election. ID: ety93k
CMV: Animals deserve zero rights. They exist only as tools/resources to humans. ID: eugxjg
CMV: The problem of miscommunication is unlikely to be solved or mitigated in any realistic capacity anytime soon. ID: etvrc1
CMV: College debt should not be canceled, and it is unfair to thousands of people who paid theirs off. ID: etvhao
CMV: Rape in role-playing games is practically the same thing as violence and death. ID: etwbv6
